                                   Online Appendix
                                                          for
Manufacturing Revolutions: Industrial Policy and
       Industrialization in South Korea
                                                          by

                                             Nathan Lane
                                      A.       H ISTORY A PPENDIX

A.1   Troop Withdrawal Threat and the Nixon Shock
    In 1969, President Richard Nixon declared that the United States would no longer
provide direct military support to its allies in the Asia-Pacific region, creating the risk
of a complete American troop withdrawal from the Korean Peninsula (Nixon 1970; Kim
1970; Kwak 2003). Panel B of Appendix Figure A.1 shows American press coverage of
the troop withdrawal, measured by the share of New York Times articles containing
"South Korea" and "troop withdrawal." The first peak appeared around 1970 when the

                                   T ABLE VII
          L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND VALUE A DDED, B EFORE AND A FTER 1973

                                                           Outcome: Value Added (log)

                                    A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)          B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                      Full              Non-HCI               Full               Non-HCI
                                     Sample             Sample               Sample              Sample

                                       (1)                  (2)                (3)                  (4)

      Post × Forward Linkage        2.832***             4.405***            2.095**             2.906**
                                     (0.914)              (1.504)            (0.802)              (1.174)
      Post × Backward Linkage        -0.0167              0.176               -0.693              -2.163*
                                     (0.334)              (0.375)            (0.559)              (1.279)


        Industry Effects               Yes                 Yes                 Yes                  Yes
        Year Effects                   Yes                 Yes                 Yes                  Yes
        Targeted × Year                Yes                  No                 Yes                  No
        R2                            0.776               0.763               0.847               0.819
        Observations                  4720                 2986               1750                 1096
        Clusters                       278                 176                  88                  55

         Notes.    Average differences-in-differences estimates, before and after 1973. Estimates correspond
      to equation (7). Regressions interact linkage measures with a Post indicator. The outcome is real log
      value added. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward) are shown. Analysis is performed for
      the sample of i) only non-treated industries and ii) the full sample of industries. Estimates for the full
      sample separately control for the Targeted × Year effects to account for the main impact of policy. Stan-
      dard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the
      5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.



                                                          50
                                 T ABLE VIII
       L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND O UTPUT P RICES, B EFORE AND A FTER 1973

                                                       Outcome: Output Prices (log)

                                 A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)         B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                   Full              Non-HCI              Full              Non-HCI
                                  Sample             Sample              Sample             Sample

                                     (1)                 (2)                (3)                 (4)

    Post × Forward Linkage       -0.359***           -0.459***           -0.483**           -0.510***
                                   (0.128)            (0.144)             (0.184)             (0.176)
    Post × Backward Linkage       0.103***           0.0880***            0.251              0.673***
                                  (0.0213)            (0.0142)            (0.154)             (0.226)


      Industry Effects              Yes                 Yes                Yes                 Yes
      Year Effects                  Yes                 Yes                Yes                 Yes
      Targeted × Year               Yes                  No                Yes                  No
      R2                           0.957               0.942              0.962               0.956
      Observations                  4721                2987               1751                1097
      Clusters                      278                 176                 88                  55

       Notes.    Average differences-in-differences estimates, before and after 1973. Regressions interact
    linkage measures with a Post indicator. Estimates correspond to equation (7). The outcome variable is
    log output price. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward) are shown. Analysis is performed
    for the sample of i) only non-treated industries and ii) the full sample of industries. Estimates for the
    full sample separately control for the Targeted × Year effects to account for the main impact of policy.
    Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant
    at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.



United States confirmed its withdrawal from the Peninsula. Coverage increased during
the 1971 pullout of 24,000 troops and three air force battalions.
    This confirmation "shocked" the South Korean leadership, who had expected ex-
emptions from Nixon’s doctrine (Kwak 2003; Rogers 1970; Trager 1972, p.34). The
second jump coincided with the 1976 U.S. presidential contest and Jimmy Carter’s
election, which further committed to an American pullout (Han 1978; Taylor, Smith,
and Mazarr 1990). This goal was later complicated by the fall of the Park regime dur-
ing President Carter’s administration. See Online Supplemental History Appendix H
for further details.
    The United States’ pivot coincided with growing antagonism from North Korea.
Panel A of Appendix Figure A.1 illustrates North Korea’s increasing hostility during
the U.S. policy shift, using the full-text archives of two major Korean newspapers,
Dong-A Ilbo and Kyunghyang Shinmun. The Online Supplemental Data Appendix I.1
describes the data construction. The data shows the number of articles covering mil-
itary antagonism, counted using a dictionary of Korean-language keywords related
to military hostility. Panel A traces a series of high-profile security emergencies that
tipped the Park regime into crisis (Scobell and Sanford 2007; Kim and Im 2001). Ad-
ditionally, Online Supplemental Data Appendix I.1 demonstrates that these patterns
are robust to alternative data sources.



                                                      51
A.2   Commercial Banks and Heavy-Chemical Drive Lending
    Appendix Figure A.2 illustrates commercial bank loans during the heavy-chemical
drive period. Although technically private, the commercial banking sector was deeply
intertwined with the state throughout the Park era. Commercial deposit banks played
a significant role in this period, distributing 60% of policy loans during the 1970s (Cho
and Kim 1995; World Bank 1993).
    Panel A of Appendix Figure A.2 reveals that before the heavy industry drive, the
value of new loans from commercial deposit banks was similar across sectors. However,
it rose sharply for targeted sectors after 1973. After 1979, new total heavy industry
lending declined. In contrast to the Korean Development Bank (in the main paper), to-
tal private lending continued. These post-1979 policy loans were qualitatively different;
liberalization removed preferential rates and equalized borrowing costs across indus-
tries (Lee 1991; Woo 1991, pp.443-444). For more information about the liberalization
of the banking sector, refer to Online Supplemental Appendix 6.


                        B.    D IRECT I MPACT A PPENDIX

B.1   Labor Productivity and Prices
    An initial interpretation of the event study estimates in the main paper might sug-
gest that prices declined for targeted versus non-targeted industries and that pre-1973
pre-trends indicate a literal downward trend in prices for targeted industries. However,
the top row of Appendix Figure B.2 Panel A (five-digit panel) reveals that the trends
between the two industries are similar throughout the mid-1970s and diverge over the
policy period.
    Labor productivity rises through the HCI period, which is notable in the five-digit
data and less precisely estimated in the four-digit data. The top row of Appendix Fig-
ure B.2 also demonstrates that the effects stem from increased labor productivity for
treated industries rather than a decline in non-treated industries.
    Appendix Figure B.2 (Panel B) shows that average prices increased during the in-
flationary 1970s. However, HCI prices diverged from the control industry averages and
did not increase as sharply over this inflationary period. These price effects, shown
in Appendix Figure B.2, contrast with industrial policy experiences elsewhere, where
inefficient industrial policy has typically increased the prices for targeted outputs.
    A positive relationship between prices and industrial policy may be the norm rather
than the exception. For example, heavy industrial policy in Egypt, India, and Turkey
may have effectively increased the relative price of capital and intermediate goods
(Schmitz Jr 2001). For a case study on steel, see (Blonigen 2016), which shows how
heavy industrial policies can raise output prices to the detriment of downstream ex-
porters.

B.2   Robustness: Direct Impacts
    1 Robustness: Industry-Level TFP. This section explores the relationship between
the heavy-chemical industrial policy package and estimated total factor productiv-




                                           52
ity (TFP) using the more granular (five-digit) industry-level panel (1970–1986). 14 Al-
though I estimate industry-level TFP over the study period, I emphasize caution. Mod-
ern best practices for estimating TFP focus on micro-econometric estimation strategies
and corrections modeled by micro-level behavior (Beveren 2012). For this reason and
more, the following industry-level estimates may have limitations.
    Practically, aggregate data can limit the power to estimate production function pa-
rameters and may exacerbate measurement issues that confound TFP estimation (e.g.,
Diewert 2000). Market imperfections may further complicate TFP estimation, espe-
cially in distorted miracle economies (Felipe 1999; Fernald and Neiman 2011). Aggre-
gate data precludes some micro-level corrections. Nevertheless, I estimate industry-
level TFP using standard micro-econometric estimators.
    I estimate (log-linearized value added) production function parameters at approx-
imately the two-digit level. To improve power, I combine sectors with sparse observa-
tions to properly estimate production function parameters when additional power is
required. 15 Following the empirical TFP literature, I Winsorize estimates for extreme
values.
    Figure B.3 estimates HCI’s impact on industry-level TFP using five common mea-
sures. To be conservative, I use 1970 as the baseline for regression estimates of total
factor productivity. Figure B.3 demonstrates that 1972 was a particularly low year
for heavy-chemical industry TFP. Hence, using 1972 as the baseline can overstate
post-1972 TFP differences.
    Figure B.3 reveals a slow upward trend in TFP for targeted industries relative to
non-targeted industries over the study period. Although estimates are noisy and vary
across TFP outcomes, they show a slight increase in TFP for heavy-chemical industries.
For the (limited) pre-1973 period, TFP in the targeted industries seemed stagnant, per-
haps even declining. After 1973, this trend reversed, and estimates gained momentum
through the later 1970s. TFP measures became significant post-1979 across the board.
    Earlier studies stress that treated industries experienced low productivity (Dollar
and Sokoloff 1990), yet early work did not consider the relative trends in TFP be-
fore and after the intervention. 16 Limited relative growth (in TFP) over the period
matched an earlier analysis (Felipe 1999). Moreover, a subtle upward trajectory seems
compatible with a story of industrial learning taking time.

     2 Robustness: Dynamic Double Robust Results. For robustness, I demonstrate
that the patterns observed in dynamic (or event study) two-way fixed effects (TWFE)
difference-in-differences (DD) estimates are robust to using the doubly robust estima-
tor of Sant’Anna and Zhao (2020) and Callaway and Sant’Anna (2021). I use the same
log outcomes and controls as in the standard TWFE estimates for equation (1). The
adjustments performed by the doubly robust estimator rely on pre-treatment controls,

14. The short, five-digit data contains capital stock data and is subject to less harmoniza-
tion/aggregation. See the Data Section in the main paper. For aggregation and harmonization of the
four-digit data, refer to Online Supplemental Data Appendix I.
15. For example, some mining and minerals processing sectors contain limited five-digit industries, so a
broader two-digit category is used.
16. The issues of cross-sectional variation versus panel variation appear in Harrison (1994) and Lucas
(1984).




                                                  53
so only specifications with controls are used. 17 I provide bootstrap confidence intervals
(95%), which allows for clustering at the industry level.
    Appendix Figures B.4–B.6 present estimates from the doubly robust estimator. Fig-
ure B.6 reports estimates for export development outcomes aggregated to the four-digit
industry level. The patterns in Appendix Figures B.4–B.6 are qualitatively similar to
the linear TWFE estimates.
    Consider first the relationship between the industrial policy drive and industrial
development given by Appendix Figures B.4 (four-digit panels) and B.5 (five-digit pan-
els). Although the doubly robust DD relaxes some assumptions related to the tradi-
tional TWFE DD, the general dynamic pattern is robust. This finding is particularly
important because this estimator re-weights the treatment and control groups. In other
words, the same dynamics shown in the OLS TWFE estimates are present in the
semi-parametric DD estimates in the main paper. See the main paper for comparisons
between the average estimates.


                   C.      D IRECT I MPACT ON T RADE A PPENDIX
   In Table C.1, I examine the probability of achieving a comparative advantage in
heavy-chemical goods using cross-country data. To do so, I compare Korea to control
countries. I restrict the data to the post-1972 period and focus on HCI products only,
using the following regression:


(9)                     Yict = αkt + β1 Korea i + β2 ln (Income i1972 ) + ϵ ict .

    For completeness, I present both PPML and linear probability estimates. The linear
probability estimates in columns (1)–(4) provide a more straightforward interpretation.
    For 1972–1986, the average country had a comparative advantage in 7.8 percent of
HCI products, as shown by the mean in column (1). Estimates in Appendix Table C.1
show that, across samples and estimates, Korea had a significantly higher probability
of achieving comparative advantage in heavy-chemical industry goods. The effect of the
Korea indicator is highly significant across specifications, including after controlling for
1972 income per capita, PPP adjusted in 2010 dollars, in columns (2) and (6).
    Additional estimates in Appendix Table C.1 demonstrate that Korea had a signifi-
cantly higher probability of achieving comparative advantage when we limit estimates
to specific subsets. This holds for sample countries in the same pre-treatment income
decile, as shown in columns (4) and (8). It also applies to countries in similar income
deciles, defined as those in the same decile and those in the immediate deciles above
and below Korea’s 1972 income group, as presented in columns (3) and (7).


                   D.      P OLICY AND M ECHANISMS A PPENDIX

D.1   Investment and Industrial Policy Discussion
    Is it obvious that we would observe responses to investment or production incen-
tives from industrial policy? Based on the history of industrial policy, the answer is no.

17. Note that without controls, the estimator package defaults to a standard TWFE method.


                                                   54
If financial policies are redundant, they may not create new investments (or outlays)—
investments that would have occurred without policy shifts. In many contexts, de jure
investment policy may not bind.
     Work by Lazzarini, Musacchio, Bandeira-De-Mello, and Marcon (2015) shows that
in Brazil, capital from a major national development bank did not translate into in-
creased investment and was allocated to politically connected firms where investments
would otherwise have occurred. For East Asia, Yang (1993) argues that investment sub-
sidies in Taiwan did not contribute to capital formation, echoing a common criticism
that investment would have occurred without industrial investment schemes.

D.2    Policy Mechanisms: The Impact of Directed Credit and Marginal Revenue Prod-
       uct of Capital (MRPK)
    I explore the relationship between high-MRPK and low-MRPK industries and in-
put use. Specifically, I test (i) whether input use increases differentially for industries
with a high marginal revenue product of capital and (ii) whether this increase occurs
specifically for treated industries.
    The MRPK calculation is constrained by industry-level (as opposed to micro) data
and is calculated for the most disaggregated five-digit panel. The marginal revenue
product of capital for industry i is MRPK i = αki × (Revenue i /K i ). I calculate a version
of the measure proposed by Bau and Matray (2022), using total sales (real shipments)
divided by total tangible capital stock. I estimate capital coefficients αki at the two-digit
level. Capital shares are calculated using pre-policy drive shares. Industries are then
split into high-MRPK or low-MRPK groups based on whether they are above or below
the median level of MRPK.
    I consider the following regression equation:

                                              ³                     ´
                                         X                        j
               ln input it = α i + α t +   β j High-MRPK i × Year t + ϵ it ,
                 ¡        ¢
(10)
                                       j ̸=1972
                        ¡        ¢
where the outcome ln input it is investment or intermediate input use for industry i
at year t. I estimate equation (10) separately for targeted and non-targeted industries.
The set of coefficients β j conveys differences in input use between high-MRPK and low-
MRPK industries relative to 1972. In other words, the estimates in (10) reveal whether
inputs respond for those sectors most exposed to HCI credit policies (see the History
Section of the main text). Specifically, I assess whether this relationship is observed for
targeted industries during the drive period.
    Appendix Figure D.2 illustrates the relationship between MRPK and the increase
in input use. I estimate regressions separately for targeted and non-targeted indus-
tries. Panels A–B show estimates for (log) total material outlays and real total invest-
ment. Panels A–B demonstrate that inputs increased in high-MRPK industries relative
to low-MRPK industries after 1973, but only for targeted industries. Similarly, high-
MRPK industries show increases in (log) labor (Panel C) and, consequently, output,
which is measured as the log real output shipped (Panel D).
    Thus, the estimates in Figure D.2 suggest that policy differentially relaxed con-
straints for high-MRPK industries, increasing input use. Note that these results do
not imply MRPK convergence or reduced misallocation due to the policy. Instead, they


                                                  55
provide indirect evidence that credit expansion operated differentially for targeted
industries.
    The expansion of credit to targeted industries during the policy drive shares simi-
larities with the directed credit literature and the macroeconomics literature on credit
booms and instability (Gorton and Ordoñez 2020; Mendoza and Terrones 2008). While
this literature has emphasized the aggregate correlates of credit booms, the sectors
receiving credit may also have significant implications for the impact of credit booms
on industrializing economies.

D.3    Robustness: Testing Investment Crowding Out
   To explore crowding out, I compare investment patterns in targeted and non-
targeted sectors using a simple regression analysis. Specifically, I first regress (log)
investment outcomes on year effects, controlling for five-digit industry fixed effects:

                                                      X                    j
(11)                  ln (investment it ) = α i +              β j · Year t + ϵ it .
                                                    j ̸=1972

    I report the estimates for equation (11) separately in Panel A, Appendix Figure
D.3. Panel A shows investment patterns for each sector relative to 1972, revealing no
evidence of crowding out during the drive. Instead, it illustrates a relative increase in
investment for both manufacturing sectors, with targeted heavy industry experiencing
a more substantial increase.
    To examine potential crowding out in capital-intensive, non-targeted industries,
Panel B of Appendix Figure D.3 illustrates the impact of pre-treatment capital inten-
sity on investment during the HCI period. It plots coefficients from the interaction
Year t ×ln(Capital Intensity) i0 , where capital intensity is measured using pre-treatment
capital stock per employee. Like Panel A, estimates in Panel B are presented separately
for targeted and non-targeted samples.
    Panel B of Appendix Figure D.3 shows no relative decline in investment for capital-
intensive, non-treated sectors during the drive. The relationship between capital in-
tensity and investment is noisy across the treatment period and slightly positive for
non-treated capital-intensive industries (i.e., not crowded out). However, the relation-
ship between capital intensity and investment is neutral in targeted heavy-chemical
sectors, which typically have higher capital intensity. Hence, treated industry capital
is not necessarily higher for (ex-ante) capital-intensive industries. Additionally, recall
that Panel B of Figure D.2 demonstrated that investment did not differentially change
for non-targeted (high-MRPK versus low-MRPK) industries during the drive.

D.4    HCI, Trade Policy, and Nominal Protectionism
   The following analysis considers evidence of overt nominal protectionism of tar-
geted heavy industry. Before considering quantitative evidence, I first turn to the con-
ceptual and historical context for South Korean trade policy over the period.

     1 Historical Context: HCI As ISI?. Although the HCI period has been associ-
ated with rising protectionism and import substitution-style industrialization (ISI)
policies (Kim 1990; Yoo 1990; Lee 1992), the qualitative pattern of policymaking is
more complex. Since the 1960s, South Korea has undergone a "continuous process

                                             56
of tariff reform" under Park Chung-hee (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
Secretariat 1992, p.52), including multiple rounds of tariff cuts during the HCI pe-
riod (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade: Balance-of-Payments Committee 1978;
Young 1988). 18 Average import liberalization ratios gradually increased from 1973 to
1979. 19 Exemptions from trade policy were widely used in the 1960s and during the
heavy industry drive. Consequently, reported tariffs and quantitative restrictions may
represent a theoretical upper bound for an industry’s effective protection (Yoo 1993). 20

     2 Trade Policy Analysis. Having established the qualitative patterns above, I now
study the role of trade policy during the heavy industry drive period quantitatively.
    Before conducting a regression analysis, however, it is worth considering the ag-
gregate data presented in Appendix Figure D.1. Panels C and D of Appendix Figure
D.1 show two simple aggregate measures of market protection across targeted and
non-targeted industries for five periods: 1968, 1974, 1978, 1980, and 1982. 21 Panel
D reports the average tariff rates (percent), and Panel C presents measures of quan-
titative restriction (QR) coverage. These panels demonstrate that output protection,
measured in terms of tariffs and QR coverage, is lower in targeted sectors compared to
non-targeted sectors. Panel D shows that average measures of nominal tariff protection
fell continually throughout the period. QRs in Panel C rose slightly in the 1970s but
fell by 1982.
    Next, consider the distribution of trade policy by sector. Figure D.4 plots the (kernel
density) distribution of protection by treatment status for the same period. The his-
tograms in Figure D.4 show a steady convergence in the distribution of nominal (out-
put) protection between targeted and non-targeted sectors from 1968 to 1982. Liberal-
ization will proceed fully after 1982. For details of liberalization, refer to the History
Section of the main text and Online Supplemental Appendix 6. Additionally, Appendix
Figure D.4 shows a mass of low tariff and QR protection for targeted industries.
    Next, I turn to regression analysis and consider the following specification,


                            Yit = α + β · Targeted i + τ t + X i′ Ω + ϵ it ,
                                         ¡          ¢
(12)

where i represents industries and t represents the five periods. Specification (12) con-
trols for period effects, τ t , and includes baseline controls (log avg. wages, material out-
lays, avg. plant size, and labor productivity). I estimate this relationship in terms of lev-
els and differences, Yit and ∆Yit . The coefficient of interest, β, provides the difference
in the average level—or change—in policy between heavy and non-heavy industries
from 1968 to 1982.
    Appendix Table D.3 Panel A first considers differences in output protection between
treated and non-treated sectors. Panel A reports that the level of output protection

18. The 1978 GATT Consultation reports tariff reductions in 1973, 1974, July 1975, December 1976,
January 1977, January–November 1977, and April–July 1978 (General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade:
Balance-of-Payments Committee 1978, p.6).
19. Economic instability in 1979–1980 postponed further import liberalization, planned in 1978, until
the post-HCI era (Kim 1988). See Online Supplemental Appendix 6 for more information.
20. For example, income from customs duties accounted for less than 14 percent of total tax revenue in
1975.
21. Trade policy data is limited to these periods. Refer to the Data Section of the main text.


                                                  57
is, on average, significantly lower for targeted heavy industries: columns (1–4) show
this for log tariffs, and columns (5–8) for QR coverage. Estimates (cols. 3–4) imply
that the level of tariffs is significantly lower for targeted industries, even during HCI.
Quantitative restrictions are also lower (cols. 7–8). Panel A, columns (9–12) of Table
D.3 report estimated changes in output protection between 1968 and 1982. Estimates
are positive, though imprecisely estimated. However, the level of output protection is
significantly lower for the targeted industry.
    imported inputs (see History Section). Appendix Table D.3 Panel B shows differen-
tial exposure to input protection using industry-level measures of input protection built
from input-output tables. These measures account for potential exemptions afforded to
targeted industries during the drive. Panel B shows that the targeted industry has
significantly lower levels of input protection (cols. 1–8) than the non-targeted industry.
Likewise, the targeted industry sees significant reductions in input exposure for tariffs
(cols. 9–10) and QRs (cols. 11–12).
    In sum, the analysis above does not provide strong evidence that the heavy-
chemical industry drive means an appreciable rise in conventional means of market
protection. The findings comport with general trends in liberalization and South
Korea’s incorporation into multilateral institutions during the Park era.


                             E.   L INKAGE A PPENDIX

E.1    Linkage Measurement
    The linkage measures in this study capture exposure to HCI industrial policy
through backward and forward linkages. Note that the measures below do not model
the causal relations. Rather, they are proxies capturing the extent to which an industry
is exposed to policy indirectly through inter-industry linkages. A long literature in
input-output economics has considered far more complicated means of measuring and
decomposing linkage effects. The following is a simple baseline implementation of
backward and forward linkage measures.

     1 Direct Linkages. First, consider exposure to industrial policy through backward
linkages: this is when the impact of industrial policy propagates to upstream suppliers
(through the backward linkages with treated sectors). Let i be a non-targeted industry
that sells its output to a treated industry j . Industry i ’s exposure to the industrial
policy through backward linkages is equal to

                                            X                            xi j
(13)               Backward Linkage i =            αi j   with α i j =          ,
                                          j ∈HCI                         xj

where α i j represents the share of i ’s sales to treated heavy-chemical industries j
( j ∈ HCI). Specifically, α i j is the proportion of i used to produce one unit of output




                                           58
j , calculated as the value of i ’s sales to industry j , x i j , divided by the value of j ’s total
output: x j = ni=1 x i j . 22 The coefficients α i j come from technical matrix: 23
              P


                                                                            
                                             α11    α12      ···      α1n
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                       α
                                       21 α22               ···      α2n
                                                                             
                                                                             
(14)                                A=                                      .
                                                                            
                                       ..   ..              ..        ..
                                                                  .
                                                                             
                                       .     .                         .    
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                        αn1 αn2              · · · αnn



      Practically, to calculate the backward linkage measure (13), I take the row-wise
sum of elements from the technical coefficient table (14). This means that for each row
i , I add the coefficients across columns j that correspond to HCI sectors.
      Second, consider exposure to industrial policy through forward linkages. In this
case, industrial policy propagates downstream to purchasers (through forward linkages
from HCI sectors). In this case, let i be an untreated sector that purchases inputs from
a treated sector j . The forward linkage analog of equation (13) is the following:

                                                    X                                     x ji
(15)                     Forward Linkage i =                α ji      with       α ji =          ,
                                                   j ∈HCI                                 xi

where α ji denotes the sales from treated industry j to downstream industry i ( x ji ),
per unit of i ’s total output ( x i ). Practically, to calculate the exposure to policy through
forward linkages (13), I take the column-wise sum of elements from table (14). That
is, for each column i , I add coefficients across rows j corresponding to HCI sectors. As
with backward linkages, I exclude diagonal elements.

     2 Total Linkages. In addition, I also calculate the exposure of non-treated indus-
tries to HCI policy through total—direct and indirect—links with treated industries.
Equations (13)-(15) above capture the extent to which HCI policy propagates through
direct, or first-degree, connections. I now consider the total n-degree effects; I calculate
Total Backward Linkages and Total Forward Linkage Measures using a method anal-
ogous to the direct linkages described above. Instead of using coefficients α i j from the
coefficient matrix A , I use coefficients ℓ i j from the Leontief matrix:

22. The denominator x j includes j ’s output sold to all sectors, including manufacturing, services, and
final output. I follow the literature and do not count i ’s sales to itself and exclude diagonal elements α ii
in the input-output matrix (e.g., α11 = 0).
23. I calculate the matrix A manually for 1970 from the table of inter-industry flows X = [ x i j ]n×n . The
vector x is a vector of the total output sold by each sector. I compute A = X [diag( x)]−1 , and each element
is α i j = x i j / x j .




                                                     59
                                                                    
                                        ℓ11   ℓ12    ···      ℓ1 n
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                   ℓ21       ℓ22             ℓ2 n 
                                                                  
                                                    ···           
(16)                            L=
                                   .
                                                                   .
                                   .          ..    ..        .. 
                                   .           .         .     . 
                                                                   
                                                                  
                                                                  
                                   ℓ n1       ℓ n2   ···      ℓnn


    The Leontief inverse matrix in equation (16) is calculated from the technical coef-
ficient matrix A (eq. 14). More precisely, L = ( I − A )−1 , where I is the identity of ma-
trix A . The matrix L, or the Leontief inverse, captures the full chain of inter-industry
relationships between sectors.
    I calculate the total exposure between treated HCI industry j and non-treated
industry i using elements from table L. Formally, the two measures are

                                                                         X
(17a)                    Total Backward Linkages i =                          ℓi j
                                                                     j ∈HCI

                                                                         X
(17b)                      Total Forward Linkages i =                         ℓ ji .
                                                                     j ∈HCI

     Industry i ’s total exposure to policy through backward linkages is given by equation
(17a), which equals the sum of coefficients between supplier i to each HCI purchaser
j . To compute (17a), I perform row-wise calculations over matrix L: for each row i , I
sum across columns j that correspond to HCI industries. Similarly, i ’s total exposure to
policy through forward linkages is given by (17b), which equals the sum of coefficients
between HCI supplier j and the purchasing industry i . To compute (17b), I perform
column-wise calculations over elements of matrix L: for each column i , I sum across
rows j that correspond to HCI industries.

E.2     Forward Linkage Appendix: Developmental Effects
     i Total Forward Linkages, Output, and Prices.. This section considers the total
linkage effects of policy in more detail. Appendix Table E.1 reports pre-post estimates
for total forward linkages, those accounting for n-degree linkages between downstream
industries and HCI suppliers. Like the direct linkages, Appendix Table E.1 reports a
robust relationship between total forward linkage exposure and the change in down-
stream value added. These total effects are strongest in the non-HCI sample. Likewise,
Appendix Table E.2 shows the average pre-post impact of total linkages on output
prices. The estimates for total forward linkages are negative across specifications in
Appendix Table E.2.
     ii Forward Linkages and Other Development Outcomes.. I now consider the im-
pact of forward linkages on outcomes besides log output (value added) and log prices.
These results are provided in Appendix Figure E.1. Beyond these core outcomes, I
observe similar patterns across outcomes, such as entry into and higher employment
in downstream sectors with stronger connections. Likewise, I find a weak relationship
between forward linkages and productivity outcomes. Appendix Tables E.3 and E.4
show pre-post estimates for direct and total linkages, respectively.

                                               60
E.3   Forward Linkage Appendix: Mechanisms and Intermediate Input Use
    Appendix Figure E.3 examines input use and investment among industries with
more versus less exposure to HCI suppliers. Pre-1973, differences in (log) total inter-
mediate outlays and (log) investment were closing for sectors with differential forward
links to HCI suppliers. After 1973, the trend reversed; Appendix Figure E.3, Panel A
shows a jump in material outlays (Panel A, top row) and total investment (Panel A,
bottom row). The post-1973 divergence is seen in both non-HCI and full samples, as
well as across data sets. Likewise, these estimates are strong when limited to non-
targeted industries. Joint F-tests reject pre-trends across most specifications, shown in
the Online Supplemental Appendix E.5, except four-digit panels, where inputs trended
upward and converged before 1973.
    Additionally, Panel B of Appendix Figure E.3 shows qualitatively similar effects for
the total forward linkage exposure. However, the effects are less precisely estimated
for the total linkage effects (see Online Supplemental Table E.5 for the full regression
table). Thus, during the HCI period, direct downstream users of HCI inputs expanded
outlays and inputs during the drive.


                       F.   B ACKWARD L INKAGE R ESULTS
    Although estimates for forward linkages correspond with the industrial develop-
ment of downstream industries, backward linkages do not. Broadly, the effects are
weak and quite limited. This is seen in estimates for direct linkages exposure in the
main text and Appendix Table E.1 for total linkage exposure. The impact of forward
linkage exposure is consistently stronger than noisy backward linkage effects.
    In the case of output, the higher backward linkage exposure—direct or total (Ap-
pendix Table E.1)—is negatively related to log value added in an upstream industry.
Yet, estimates are mostly imprecise. The indeterminate impact of backward linkages is
also seen in Appendix Figures F.1-F.2, which show dynamic estimates for output. The
figures show the ambiguous, weak relationship between backward linkage exposure
and upstream output—both for direct and total backward linkage exposure.


                     G.     SUTVA AND L INKAGE A PPENDIX

G.1   Main Effects, Restricting Estimates to Low-Linkage Control Industries
    Appendix Figure G.1 shows the TWFE event study estimates (eq. 1) for output and
labor productivity, but with alternative control groups. Specifically, I restrict the control
groups to only industries with low downstream linkages (triangles) or low upstream
linkages (squares). To do so, I split non-targeted industries into those with low and
high linkage exposure to HCI sectors. Specifically, I base these categories on whether
they are below or above Forward Linkage i (Backward Linkage i ). I then re-run baseline
DD specifications with these truncated control groups.
    For both output and labor productivity, estimates using a "low forward linkage"
control group increase slightly, and the baseline pattern is preserved. Intuitively, it
would make sense that the main effects of HCI increase after I remove the control
industries most likely to benefit from positive policy spillovers (e.g., those with high


                                             61
forward linkage exposure). Standard errors increase, which is not surprising given the
truncated sample.
    Across outcomes, Figure G.1 shows that limiting control industries to those with
low upstream connections has a minimal impact on point estimates for the main, direct
impact of HCI (e.g. Targeted i × Year t ). This is expected, as the upstream linkage effects
of the policy were more muted than the downstream effects (and slightly negative).
In sum, limiting the impact of the strongest first-order linkage effects on the control
group is insufficient to overcome the main direct impact of HCI.

G.2   Main Effects, Controlling for Linkages
    I now test whether the main DD estimates survive after including these effects.
I do so by re-running the main regression equation (1), now saturated with linkage
controls. That is, I specifically control for linkage exposure for non-treated industries.
Linkages are multiplied by an indicator equal to one for non-treated industries and
zero for treated industries.
    Appendix Figure G.2 Panel A shows baseline results for the main effect, Targeted i ×
Year t , versus estimates that include varieties of linkage controls. These results are
given for both direct linkages (left) and total (Leontief) linkages (right). The baseline
estimates are in red, and those controlling for linkages are in dark gray. I control for
linkages using the interaction Forward Linkage i ×Post t , which controls for the linkages
more parsimoniously. (Controlling flexibly for linkages, Forward Backward Linkage i ×
Year t , significantly increases the number of parameters.)
    Once I control for the positive downstream spillovers in non-treated industries,
Panel A (Fig. G.2) shows that the main direct effect Targeted i × Year t becomes larger.
Furthermore, estimates are more prominent after controlling for the total linkage ef-
fects. This is intuitive, as positive spillovers may also benefit the control group and thus
bias baseline estimates downward. Recall that I have demonstrated in the main text
that there may have been weak negative spillovers into backward-linked industries
(direct linkages). This is seen specifically for five-digit panel estimates, which more
precisely capture the linkage effects.
    Panel B in Appendix Figure G.2 builds off the regressions in Panel A but now in-
cludes controls for both backward and forward linkage exposure. Panel B shows that
including both linkages maintains the main pattern while increasing the standard er-
rors. The main effect estimates are now less positive than those in Panel A. Including
backward linkages means we now control for the negative upstream spillovers. The
main pattern is preserved in Appendix Figure G.2 Panels A and B, although slightly
increased (along with standard errors), once we control for the most prominent linkage
effects.

G.3   SUTVA: Investment Crowding Out and Linkages
    The crowding out of investment is another way the SUTVA assumption is violated.
The policy estimates in the main paper demonstrated that investment, however higher
in targeted industries, was not diminishing in non-targeted sectors, nor was this the
case in capital-intensive non-HCI sectors. I now consider whether crowding out may
occur after controlling for linkage intensity. Appendix Figure G.3 shows the relation-
ship between investment and capital intensity (log, pre-1973 capital stock divided by
employment) controlling for linkages. Estimates are shown separately for HCI and

                                            62
non-HCI industry samples. The left panel plots the estimates with controls for link-
ages using Forward or Backward Linkage i × Post t . The right panel plots the estimates
using the more intensive Forward or Backward Linkage i × Year t control.
    After controlling for linkages, I do not identify a negative relationship between
measures of capital intensity and investment. Broadly, the relationship between cap-
ital intensity and investment in non-treated sectors is similar to the robustness es-
timates that did not account for linkages in Appendix Figure D.3. The relationship
between capital intensity and investment—now controlling for linkages—is similar in
both industries during the drive. There is a positive relationship between capital in-
tensity and investment after 1973 for both industries, although the relationship is zero
during the HCI period. After capital market liberalization (see Online Supplemental
Appendix H), the relationship becomes more pronounced in both industries, with a
stronger relationship among non-treated industries.




                                          63
64




                                                                                F IGURE A.1
                                                      Political Events Surrounding Heavy and Chemical Industry Drive
          This figure shows the political crisis facing South Korea via U.S. and South Korean media. Panel A (left) shows the number of articles (count) in Dong-a and Kyunghyang newspapers matching a
     Korean-language dictionary of ’provocation’ keywords. See details in Supplemental Data Appendix; count includes articles matching dictionary terms appearing on the first five pages. Panel B (right)
     shows the share of New York Times news stories referring to troop withdrawal. Share is measured as the total number of full-text article hits (’South Korea+Troop Withdrawal’) divided by the number
     of stories published.
                                          F IGURE A.2
                      New Loans Issued By Commercial Deposit Money Banks
     This figure shows the change in the real value of loans issued by South Korean commercial banks (traditional deposit money
banks). The top panel plots changes in total new lending. The bottom panel plots new lending for machinery loans only. Units are
real won (2010 base). Gray lines correspond to non-targeted (non-HCI) sectors, red corresponds to targeted (HCI) sectors. Thick
lines are averages by treatment status. Subsidized policy loans were lent through the commercial banking sector. After 1979, the
banking sector was liberalized, and the differences in policy interest rates were eliminated. See text for details. Source: Korean
Yearbooks.




                                                               65
                                            F IGURE B.1
                        Robustness: Industrial Policy and Measures of Output
     This figure shows dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between HCI and industrial output out-
comes. Plots show regression coefficients from equation (1) for three measures of log output: gross output, value added, and value
of gross output shipped. Panel A shows results for 4- and 5-digit panels. Each column of the panels corresponds to a specification:
the baseline two-way fixed effect specification and specifications adding additional controls. Controls are log pre-1973 industry
averages: avg. industry wages, avg. industry plant size, labor productivity, and intermediate outlays, interacted with time effects.
All estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy. The line at 1979 demarcates the end of the Park regime. Standard
errors are clustered at the industry-level. 95 percent confidence bands are in gray.




                                                                66
67




                                                                                    F IGURE B.2
                                                             Differences in Value Added Per Worker and Output Prices
         This figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between HCI and labor productivity (value added per worker) in Panel A and output prices in Panel B. Estimates
     come from equation (1) The top row shows the average outcomes for targeted (red) and non-targeted industries (black) using the fitted model. For specifications with controls, the model is evaluated
     using means of the controls. The bottom row plots the differences-in-differences estimates. All estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy. The line at 1979 demarcates the end of the
     Park regime. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. 95 percent confidence intervals are shown in gray.
                                       F IGURE B.3
         Robustness: Industry Policy and Industry-Level Total Factor Productivity
     This figure shows the relationship between HCI and total factor productivity. The coefficients in the figure are estimated
from equation (1). TFP outcomes are estimated using Ackerberg-Caves-Frazer (ACF), Levinsohn-Petrin (LP), Olley-Pakes (OP),
Wooldridge (W) methods, as well as baseline OLS using the Solow residual. Data are estimated using the 5-digit (long) panel,
where capital stocks are available; log-transformed production functions are structurally estimated at the 2-digit level. Event
study estimates are performed relative to the start year of the panel, 1970, as opposed to 1972, due to the significant dip in TFP
in 1972. This is done for transparency; using 1972 as the omitted category may overstate event study estimates. Standard errors
are clustered at the industry level. Bars show 95 percent confidence intervals.




                                                               68
69




                                                                         F IGURE B.4
                                    Double Robust Estimates: Industrial Policy and Industrial Development, Four-Digit Panel
          This figure plots semiparametric (doubly-robust) differences-in-differences estimates for the impact of HCI on core (log) industrial development outcomes. Log outcomes include real value of
     shipments, employment, output prices, labor productivity (value added per worker), mfg. share (manufacturing share of output), lab. share (manufacturing share of employment), and number of
     plants. This figure reports estimates for the aggregate 4-digit panel (1967-1986). Black lines are coefficient estimates from equation (3). All point estimates are relative to the 1972 baseline level
     (coefficients normalized to 0). 95
70




                                                                           F IGURE B.5
                                      Double Robust Estimates: Industrial Policy on Industrial Development, Five-Digit Panel
          This figure plots semiparametric (doubly-robust) differences-in-differences estimates for the impact of HCI on core (log) industrial development outcomes. Log outcomes include: real value of
     shipments, employment, output prices, labor productivity (value added per worker), mfg. share (manufacturing share of output), lab. share (manufacturing share of employment), and number of
     plants. This figure reports estimates for the more detailed 5-digit panel (1970-1986). Black lines are coefficient estimates from equation (3). All point estimates are relative to the 1972 baseline level
     (coefficients normalized to 0). 95
71




                                                                              F IGURE B.6
                                                   Double Robust Estimates: Industrial Policy and Export Development
         This figure plots semiparametric (doubly-robust) differences-in-differences estimates for the impact of HCI on export development. For RCA measures, I show the normal raw (Balassa) index
     alongside log and asinh-transformed RCA. Relative export productivity is estimated using CDK. This figure reports estimates from 4-digit SITC panel data (1965-1986). Black lines are coefficient
     estimates from equation (3). All point estimates are relative to the 1972 baseline level (coefficients normalized to 0). 95
                                            F IGURE D.1
                            Average Aggregate Investment and Trade Policy
    Each panel plots outcomes related to investment and protection. Points are averages across targeted (HCI) and non-targeted
(non-HCI) industries. The top row, Panels A-C, shows outcomes related to investment incentives. Panel A reports mean real total
capital formation across targeted and non-targeted industries. Panel B shows real total material costs. Note: average intermediate
material outlays can exceed investment. Panels C and D show outcomes for trade policy: C reports average ad valorem tariff rates
(percent), and D shows quantitative restriction measures (QR). QR is a qualitative ranking of coverage on products within an
industry, 0 being minimal coverage and 3 being high coverage.




                                                               72
73




                                                                                   F IGURE D.2
                                                                 Input Use and Marginal Revenue Product of Capital
         This figure shows dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between HCI and responses to in input use by high versus low marginal revenue product of capital (MRPK)
     industries. The figure plots coefficient estimates from equation (9), estimated separately for (red) targeted and (gray) non-targeted industries. These coefficients convey the differences in input use
     between high-MRPK and low-MRPK industries, relative to 1972. See Appendix D for MRPK calculation. Outcomes are log values: real material outlays, real investment, employment, and real gross
     output shipped. Error bars show the 95 percent confidence interval.
                                           F IGURE D.3
                         Crowding Out and Investment by Treatment Status
    This figure shows dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between HCI and responses to invest-
ment incentives. Panel A shows the changes in (log, real) investment for targeted and non-targeted industries, relative to 1972.
Panel A plots the coefficients from equation (10), estimated separately by treatment status. Panel B assesses the degree to which
non-treated, capital-intensive industries may have been squeezed by HCI drive credit policy. Panel (B) shows the evolution of
investment in high versus low capital-intensive industries, estimated separately by treatment status. Coefficients are from the
interaction Year × log Capital Intensity, with 1972 as the omitted category. Pre-treatment capital intensity is the pre-1973 real
capital stock per worker.




                                                              74
                                            F IGURE D.4
                         Changes in Distribution of Trade Policies, 1968-1982
     This figure shows the decline and convergence in (A) nominal tariff rates (percent) and (B) quantitative restrictions (severity
scores 0-3). The kernel density distribution for targeted products is in red; non-targeted products are in gray. Distributions are
estimated over annual product-level data (unweighted, CCCN code, 4-digit level) for years 1968, 1974, 1978, 1980, and 1982. The
severity of quantitative restrictions within 4-digit products is measured using a qualitative 0-3 scale, from (0) no restrictions to
(3) high restrictions.




                                                                75
                                           F IGURE E.1
                        Direct Forward Linkages and Development Outcomes
    This figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between direct forward linkage exposure
and outcomes: (log) employment, number of plants (plant entry), labor productivity, average wages, and TFP. Coefficients are
estimated relative to, 1972, the year before HCI. The year 1979 corresponds to collapse of Park regime. Years are on the x-axis.
Estimates for the effect of direct forward (Linkage × Year) linkages are on y-axis. Full sample regressions control for the main HCI
× Year effect. All regressions include controls for direct backward linkage connections, interacted with time. 95 percent confidence
intervals are shown in gray.




                                                                76
                                            F IGURE E.2
                           Total Forward Linkages and Export Development
    The figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between total (Leontief) forward linkage
exposure and export development. The coefficients in the plot are estimated from the main DD linkage specification. For the raw
RCA (Balassa) index, regressions are estimated using PPML. RCA (asinh) and relative export productivity (CDK) are estimated
using OLS. Linkage measures are calculated from the 1970 input-output tables. All estimates are relative to 1972, the year before
HCI. The year 1979 corresponds to the collapse of the Park regime. Years are on the x-axis. Estimates for the main linkage
interaction (total (Leontief) forward) are on the y-axis: e.g., Linkage × Year. These estimates come from the DD specification
that includes the impact of both measures. Full sample regressions control for the main HCI × Year effect. 95 percent confidence
intervals are shown in gray.




                                                              77
78




                                                                         F IGURE E.3
                                      Linkage Mechanisms - Direct Forward Linkages, Intermediate Outlays, and Investment
         This figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between direct forward linkage exposure and outcomes: log real intermediate input outlays, and log real total
     investment. Estimates are relative to, 1972, the year before HCI. The year 1979 corresponds to collapse of Park regime. Years are on the x-axis. Estimates for the effect of direct forward (Linkage ×
     Year) linkages are on y-axis. Full sample regressions control for the main HCI × Year effect. All regressions include controls for direct backward linkage connections, interacted with time. 95 percent
     confidence intervals are shown in gray.
                                       F IGURE F.1
           Relationship Between Direct Backward Linkages on Upstream Output
    This figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between direct backward linkage exposure
and outcomes: log real value added. Estimates are relative to, 1972, the year before HCI. The year 1979 corresponds to collapse
of Park regime. Years are on the x-axis. Estimates for the effect of direct backward (Linkage × Year) linkages are on y-axis. Full
sample regressions control for the main HCI × Year effect. All regressions include controls for direct forward linkage connections,
interacted with time. 95 percent confidence intervals are shown in gray.




                                                               79
                                       F IGURE F.2
           Relationship Between Total Backward Linkages and Upstream Output
    This figure plots dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between total backward linkage exposure
and outcomes: log real value added. Estimates are relative to, 1972, the year before HCI. The year 1979 corresponds to collapse
of Park regime. Years are on the x-axis. Estimates for the effect of total backward (Linkage × Year) linkages are on y-axis. Full
sample regressions control for the main HCI × Year effect. All regressions include controls for total forward linkage connections,
interacted with time. 95 percent confidence intervals are shown in gray.




                                                               80
                                      F IGURE G.1
     Robustness: Impact of Industrial Policy on Development, Restricting to Control
                             Industries with Low Linkages
     This figure shows dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between HCI and responses to industrial
development outcomes. It shows estimates with and without controlling for linkage effects. Panel A limits the control group to
industries with below median forward linkage exposure. Panel B limits the control group to industries below median exposure to
total forward linkages.




                                                              81
                                    F IGURE G.2
Robustness: Impact of Industrial Policy on Development, Controlling for Non-Treated
                                      Linkages
     responses to industrial development outcomes. Estimates with and without controls for linkage effects in non-treated sectors
(linkage effects only for non-treated industry). Panels A compares baseline estimates from equation (1) to estimates that control
for forward linkage exposure.Panel B compares baseline estimates from equation (1) to estimates controlling for both measures of
linkage exposure.




                                                              82
                                   F IGURE G.3
   Robustness: Relationship Between Investment and Capital Intensity, HCI Versus
                                Non-HCI Industry
     responses to investment incentives. Panels show the changes in investment for targeted and non-targeted, relative to 1972,
controlling for IO linkages. Regressions are performed on either the targeted-only or non-targeted samples. Coefficients are from
the interaction Year × Log Capital Intensity, with 1972 as the omitted category. Pre-treatment capital intensity is measured as
the pre-1973 levels of capital stock per worker. Left panel plots the Year × Capital Intensity (main effects), controlling for forward
and backard linkages (interacted with Post). Right panel plots the Year × Capital Intensity (main effects), controlling for forward
and backard linkages (interacted with Year).




                                                                 83
                                          T ABLE A.1
                     P RE -HCI D RIVE S TATISTICS B Y T REATMENT S TATUS

                                                  A) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1972)      B) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1972)

Variable                             Industry       Mean                 N               Mean                N
i) Industrial Statistics
                                     Non-HCI         74.17              330              69.33              528
Average Size                         HCI             64.68              198              70.20              306

                                     Non-HCI        406.48              330             106.35              528
Establishments                       HCI            162.23              198              50.22              306

                                     Non-HCI      184316.31             330            75962.19             528
Gross Output                         HCI          154481.13             198            61968.10             306

                                     Non-HCI       1434.22              330             1759.05             528
Investment                           HCI           1741.88              198             2673.48             306

                                     Non-HCI         7.50               330               7.20              528
Labor Productivity                   HCI             8.97               198               7.47              306

                                     Non-HCI         1.39               330               0.42              528
Labor Share                          HCI             0.72               198               0.24              306

                                     Non-HCI          9.70              330              10.97              528
Prices                               HCI             29.20              198              29.13              306

                                     Non-HCI       86472.29             330            31513.33             528
Value Added                          HCI           52987.78             198            22038.69             306

                                     Non-HCI         1.36               330               0.42              528
Value Added Share                    HCI             0.81               198               0.26              306

                                     Non-HCI       12983.87             330             4117.89             528
Workers                              HCI           6775.03              198             2351.84             306

ii) Linkage Exposure to HCI Sectors
                               Non-HCI               0.09               330               0.15              528
Backward Linkage               HCI                   0.16               198               0.20              306

                                     Non-HCI         0.11               330               0.10              528
Forward Linkage                      HCI             0.31               198               0.34              306

iii) Trade Statistics (SITC trade data, 1965-1972)
                                 Non-HCI       1.27                    3464
RCA (Balassa)                    HCI           0.40                    1448

                                     Non-HCI         0.14              3464
Export Share                         HCI             0.09              1448

                                     Non-HCI         0.13              3464
Import Share                         HCI             0.24              1448


    Notes.   Table reports pre-1973 statistics for a selection of core industrial variables. Panel A shows statistics for
aggregated (’long’) 4-digit industrial panel, 1967 to 1972. Panel B shows statistics for disaggregated (’short’) 5-digit
industrial panel, 1970 to 1972. Part i) of table reports Mining and Manufacturing Survey/Census (MMS) outcomes,
with the exception of prices, which come from the Bank of Korea publications. Part ii) shows data from the 1970
input-output tables published by the Bank of Korea (1970), harmonized and matched to industry-level data. Part
iii) shows trade variables (from UN-Comtrade). All values are deflated using 2010 baseline won, except for real
USD trade values.



                                                            84
                                                      T ABLE C.1
     P ROBABILITY OF A TTAINING C OMPARATIVE A DVANTAGE IN T ARGETED I NDUSTRY, S OUTH K OREA V. O THER C OUNTRIES,
                                                      P OST-1972

                                                                         Outcomes: Probability of Comparative Advantage
                                                                Estimates with OLS                                   Estimates with PPML

                                                     Full Sample        Similar GDP     Same GDP           Full Sample        Similar GDP     Same GDP

                                                    (1)        (2)           (3)             (4)          (5)        (6)           (7)             (8)

               Korea                              0.131     0.110***        0.137          0.119       1.002***   1.145***      1.085***        0.853***
85




                                                    (.)      (0.011)          (.)            (.)        (0.141)    (0.094)       (0.143)         (0.212)
               GDP per capita                               0.047***                                              0.664***
                                                             (0.008)                                               (0.074)

                 Industry X Year Effect            Yes        Yes           Yes             Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes            Yes
                 R2                               0.025      0.089         0.065           0.053        0.052       0.162         0.082          0.064
                 Observations                    251160     251160         76440          24570        246652      246652         55720         13824
                 Mean of Dependent Variable       0.078      0.078         0.075           0.102        0.079       0.079         0.103          0.180
                 Clusters (Country-Industry)     92 x 182   92 x 182      28 x 182        9 x 182      92 x 182    92 x 182      28 x 178       9 x 160

                Notes.   The probability of attaining RCA (RCA>1) in HCI products for Korea versus other countries in the post-1972 period. Regressions
             include industry-by-year effects. Data is restricted to treated industries. Two-way standard errors are clustered at the industry and country
             levels.
                                                                               T ABLE D.1
                                              R OBUSTNESS : L EARNING IN I NDUSTRIAL -L EVEL D ATA , BY T REATMENT S TATUS

                                                                                                                                           Outcomes

                                                  Price (log)               Unit Cost (log)          Unit Cost (revenue, log)              TFP (OP)                     TFP (ACF)                      TFP (LP)                      TFP (W)
                                        Experience       Experience     Experience    Experience     Experience    Experience     Experience    Experience     Experience     Experience     Experience     Experience     Experience     Experience
       \textit{Alternative measures:}
                                        per worker      (alternative)   per worker   (alternative)   per worker   (alternative)   per worker   (alternative)   per worker    (alternative)   per worker    (alternative)   per worker    (alternative)
                                            (1)                 (2)        (3)           (4)            (5)           (6)            (7)              (8)         (9)            (10)           (11)           (12)           (13)             (14)

     Experience                          -0.197***       -0.155***      -0.101***     -0.110***      -0.101***     -0.115***      0.355***      0.409***       0.403***       0.456***       0.439***       0.459***       0.428***       0.444***
                                          (0.029)         (0.027)        (0.015)       (0.014)        (0.015)       (0.015)        (0.060)       (0.055)        (0.060)        (0.061)        (0.059)        (0.058)        (0.065)        (0.062)
     Targeted × Experience               -0.058***       -0.061***      -0.045***     -0.042***      -0.043***     -0.039***        0.039       0.050**          0.036          0.039        0.087***       0.138***       0.092***       0.144***
                                          (0.014)         (0.014)        (0.010)       (0.010)        (0.011)       (0.010)        (0.031)       (0.025)        (0.031)        (0.024)        (0.032)        (0.026)        (0.033)        (0.026)

     Controls
      Controls for Size                     Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes              Yes         Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes         Yes              Yes
86




      Controls for Capital Intensity        Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes              Yes         Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes         Yes              Yes
      Controls for Intermediates            Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes              Yes         Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes         Yes              Yes
      Controls for Investment               Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes              Yes         Yes            Yes            Yes               Yes         Yes              Yes


       Industry Effects                     Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes
       Year Effects                         Yes             Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes           Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes            Yes
       R2                                  0.961           0.960          0.899         0.901          0.903         0.905          0.981         0.981          0.878          0.882          0.986          0.986          0.990          0.990
       Observations                        3427            3429           3427          3429           3426          3428           3426          3428           3426           3428           3426           3428           3426           3428
       Clusters                             263             263            263           263            263           263            263           263            263            263            263            263            263            263

     Combined Effects
      Linear Combination                  -0.255           -0.216         -0.146       -0.152         -0.145        -0.154          0.394         0.459          0.439          0.495          0.526          0.597          0.519          0.588
      (St.Err.)                           (0.029)         (0.026)        (0.016)       (0.016)        (0.016)       (0.016)        (0.051)       (0.056)        (0.051)        (0.059)        (0.054)        (0.061)        (0.057)        (0.064)

       Notes.      This table shows the robustness of industry-level estimates from equation (5) for alternative outcomes. Unit Cost is the baseline unit cost measure: (log) total real intermediate cost per real gross output;
     Unit Cost (revenue) is measured using total real intermediate costs per unit of real revenue. TFP outcomes are estimated using Ackerberg-Caves-Frazer (ACF), Levinsohn-Petrin (LP), Olley-Pakes (OP), and Wooldridge (W)
     methods. Table shows estimates for each outcome using two alternative Experience measures: (log) Experience per worker, and Experience (alternative), which is experience calculated using cumulative value added units. All
     equations control for size and scale: (log) average plant size and total industry employment. Additional controls include (log): capital intensity, skill ratio, investment per worker, and intermediate input intensity per worker.
     Linear Combination, at the bottom, gives the combined effects for Experience for targeted industries. All specifications are estimated using industry and year fixed effects. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level.
                                                                        T ABLE D.2
                                        R OBUSTNESS : P LANT AND I NDUSTRY-L EVEL L EARNING, BY T REATMENT S TATUS

                                                                             Panel A) Experience                                                    Panel B) Experience (per worker)

                                                                                             TFP                                                                           TFP

                                                  Unit cost                                                                      Unit cost
                                                                   (ACF)            (LP)             (W)           (OP)                           (ACF)            (LP)            (W)            (OP)
                                                  (revenue)                                                                      (revenue)

                                                      (1)            (2)             (3)             (4)            (5)             (6)             (7)            (8)             (9)            (10)

     Plant Experience                             -0.072***       0.485***        0.484***         0.484***      0.486***        -0.076***       0.493***       0.491***         0.497***       0.492***
                                                    (0.002)        (0.011)         (0.011)          (0.011)       (0.011)          (0.003)        (0.012)        (0.013)          (0.012)        (0.012)
     Targeted x Plant Experience                  -0.007***        0.014*         0.024***         0.030***      0.020***         -0.005**         0.004          0.013            0.005          0.012
                                                    (0.002)        (0.008)         (0.008)          (0.008)       (0.007)          (0.002)        (0.010)        (0.011)          (0.011)        (0.011)
     Industry Experience                          -0.011***         0.022         0.037**          0.037**        0.030*            0.000         -0.006          0.001           -0.001          -0.004
                                                    (0.003)        (0.014)         (0.016)          (0.017)       (0.016)          (0.003)        (0.012)        (0.015)          (0.016)        (0.015)
     Targeted x Industry Experience                -0.004**       0.030***        0.018**          0.016**       0.021***        -0.010***       0.070***       0.062***         0.070***       0.061***
                                                    (0.001)        (0.009)         (0.007)          (0.007)       (0.007)          (0.003)        (0.012)        (0.011)          (0.011)        (0.011)

     Controls
      Control for Plant Size                         Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
87




      Control for Capital                            Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
      Control for Skill Ratio                        Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
      Control for Investment                         Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
      Control for Intermediates                      Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
      Polynomial Controls                            No              No              No              No             No              No             No              No              No             No


       Plant Effect                                  Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes
       Year Effect                                   Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes
       Industry Effect                               Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes             Yes
       R2                                           0.890          0.691           0.682           0.678          0.600           0.890           0.689           0.680          0.675           0.597
       Observations                                250853         235940          235940          235940         235940          250853          235940          235940         235940          235940
       Clusters (Industry and Plant)             489 x 59978    489 x 57942     489 x 57942     489 x 57942    489 x 57942     489 x 59978     489 x 57942     489 x 57942    489 x 57942     489 x 57942

     Combined Effects
      Linear Combination (Plant-Level)             -0.078           0.499           0.508           0.514          0.506          -0.081           0.497          0.504           0.502           0.504
      (St.Err.)                                    (0.003)         (0.013)         (0.013)         (0.013)        (0.012)         (0.003)         (0.014)        (0.014)         (0.015)         (0.014)
      Linear Combination (Industry-Level)          -0.014           0.052           0.056           0.053          0.051          -0.010           0.064          0.063           0.069           0.058
      (St.Err.)                                    (0.003)         (0.014)         (0.017)         (0.018)        (0.017)         (0.003)         (0.016)        (0.018)         (0.018)         (0.018)

        Notes.     This table shows the robustness of plant-level estimates from equation (5) for alternative outcomes. Unit Cost is measured using total real intermediate costs per unit of (real)
     revenue. TFP outcomes are estimated using Ackerberg-Caves-Frazer (ACF), Levinsohn-Petrin (LP), Olley-Pakes (OP), and Wooldridge (W) methods. Panel A shows estimates for log Experi-
     ence, and Panel B shows log Experience per worker. ’Plant Experience’ refers to plant-level cumulative learning, and ’Industry Experience’ refers to industry-level learning, calculated at the
     4-digit industry level. All equations control for log plant size (workers). Additional controls include (log): capital intensity, skill ratio, investment per worker, and intermediate input intensity
     per worker. Linear Combination, at the bottom, gives the combined effects for Plant and Industry Experience for HCI establishments. All specifications are estimated using plant, industry,
     and year fixed effects. Two-way standard errors are clustered at the industry and plant levels.
                                                                   T ABLE D.3
                                        D IFFERENCES IN T RADE P OLICY BY T REATMENT S TATUS, 1968-1982

                                                                  Outcomes: Levels                                                          Outcomes: Changes

                                                                                              Quantitative                                                 Quantitative
                                          Tariff Rate (log)                                                                        Tariff Rate (log)
                                                                                             Restrictions (log)                                           Restrictions (log)

                             (1)          (2)          (3)          (4)         (5)          (6)          (7)          (8)          (9)         (10)        (11)       (12)

     Panel A) Output Protection
      Targeted        -0.438***       -0.492***    -0.430***     -0.483***    -0.146**   -0.190***     -0.138**    -0.182***       0.012       0.012        0.028     0.022
                       (0.123)         (0.104)      (0.123)       (0.104)      (0.057)    (0.052)       (0.058)     (0.053)       (0.022)     (0.024)      (0.017)   (0.014)

         Year Effect         Yes         Yes           Yes         Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes         Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes        Yes
         Controls                        Yes                       Yes                      Yes                       Yes                       Yes                    Yes
         Sample              Full        Full      Post-1973    Post-1973       Full        Full      Post-1973    Post-1973       Full         Full        Full       Full
         R2                 0.149       0.527        0.131        0.533        0.088       0.265        0.097        0.291        0.160        0.203       0.062      0.250
         Observations        522         516          435          430          435         430          348          344          261          258         435        430
88




         Clusters             87          86           87           86           87          86           87          86            87           86          87         86

     Panel B) Exposure to Input Protection
      Targeted         -0.199**  -0.314***          -0.234**     -0.356***    -0.044*    -0.070***     -0.051*     -0.076***    -0.042***    -0.052***    -0.021**   -0.015
                        (0.098)   (0.076)            (0.102)      (0.079)     (0.026)     (0.024)      (0.026)      (0.023)      (0.012)      (0.014)      (0.009)   (0.011)

         Year Effect         Yes         Yes           Yes         Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes         Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes        Yes
         Controls                        Yes                       Yes                      Yes                       Yes                       Yes                    Yes
         Sample              Full        Full      Post-1973    Post-1973       Full        Full      Post-1973    Post-1973       Full         Full        Full       Full
         R2                 0.123       0.256        0.091        0.243        0.158       0.252        0.169        0.265        0.184        0.297       0.198      0.263
         Observations        522         516          435          430          435         430          348          344          435          430         261        258
         Clusters             87          86           87           86           87          86           87          86            87           86          87         86

        Notes.     Table shows trade policy by treatment status (targeted vs. non-targeted), using nominal trade policy data for 1968-1982 (intermittent). Columns (1-8)
     show estimates in levels and columns (9-12) show changes. All regressions are at the 4-digit industry level. Columns (1-4) report estimates for log tariffs. Columns
     (5-8) report estimates for log quantitative restriction coverage. Columns (9-10) show estimates for changes in log tariff rates. Columns (11-12) show estimates for
     changes in log quantitative restrictions. Panel A presents tariff and quantitative restriction outcomes for output market protection (industry-level): the average level
     or change in tariff or quantitative restriction coverage. Panel B shows outcomes for input protection. Exposure to input protection is calculated using the weighted
     sum of tariffs or QRs for an industry’s input basket, with weights taken from the 1970 input-output accounts. See text for calculation. Sample refers to whether all
     five periods are used, or whether only post-HCI (1973) observations are used.
                                     T ABLE E.1
                       T OTAL L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND O UTPUT

                                                    Outcome: Value Added (log)
                              A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)       B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                              Full Sample      Non-HCI Sample       Full Sample      Non-HCI Sample
                                   (1)                  (2)              (3)                (4)
  Post × Forward Linkage        1.909***           3.388***            0.988**            1.512*
                                 (0.516)            (0.857)            (0.485)            (0.853)
  Post × Backward Linkage        -0.0536            0.0452              -0.574           -1.316**
                                 (0.175)            (0.197)            (0.393)            (0.511)

    Industry Effects               Yes                  Yes              Yes                Yes
    Year Effects                   Yes                  Yes              Yes                Yes
    Targeted X Year                Yes                  No               Yes                No
    R2                            0.777                0.765            0.849              0.828
    Observations                  4720                 2986             1750               1096
    Clusters                       278                  176               88                 55

  Notes.    This table shows average differences-in-differences estimates , before and after 1973. Esti-
mates come from the main DD linkage specification. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward)
are shown. Note that dynamic figures present only estimates for the linkage of interest.




                                                  89
                                    T ABLE E.2
                 T OTAL L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND O UTPUT P RICES

                                                      Outcome: Prices (log)
                             A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)       B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                             Full Sample     Non-HCI Sample        Full Sample      Non-HCI Sample
                                 (1)                 (2)                (3)                (4)
Post × Forward Linkage        -0.289***          -0.406***          -0.344***           -0.421***
                               (0.0726)           (0.0883)            (0.111)             (0.158)
Post × Backward Linkage       0.0500***          0.0463***             0.103             0.241***
                               (0.0127)           (0.0100)           (0.0651)            (0.0318)

  Industry Effects               Yes                Yes                Yes                 Yes
  Year Effects                   Yes                Yes                Yes                 Yes
  Targeted X Year                Yes                No                 Yes                 No
  R2                            0.958              0.943              0.963               0.959
  Observations                  4721               2987               1751                1097
  Clusters                       278                176                 88                 55

  Notes.    This table shows average differences-in-differences estimates, before and after 1973. Esti-
mates come from the main DD linkage specification. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward)
are shown. Note that dynamic figures present only estimates for the linkage of interest.




                                                 90
                                                                                   T ABLE E.3
                                                      D IRECT L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND I NDUSTRIAL D EVELOPMENT O UTCOMES

                                                                     Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)                                                                  Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                                                                  Outcomes (log)                                                                                       Outcomes (log)
                                    Employment              Num. Plants            Labor Prod.             TFP (ACF)               Avg. Wage.            Employment             Num. Plants        Labor Prod.               Avg. Wage.
                                    (1)         (2)        (3)         (4)         (5)        (6)         (7)        (8)         (9)        (10)        (1)         (2)        (3)         (4)        (5)        (6)        (7)        (8)
     Post × Forward Linkage      1.788***    3.403***    1.499***   2.828***    0.699**      0.473     1.353***     0.869     0.629***      0.330     1.645**   2.925**     1.897***    3.564***    0.0722     -0.283      0.182      0.107
91




                                  (0.685)     (1.108)     (0.393)    (0.562)    (0.325)     (0.390)     (0.499)    (0.588)     (0.220)     (0.233)    (0.777)    (1.143)     (0.639)     (0.677)    (0.297)    (0.424)    (0.173)    (0.219)
     Post × Backward Linkage      -0.0917      0.116       0.105      0.177      0.116       0.104      0.0542    0.00243      0.0424      0.0307      -0.373    -1.084       0.279      0.0609     -0.137     -0.890      -0.140   -0.702**
                                  (0.258)     (0.279)     (0.104)    (0.115)    (0.105)     (0.123)    (0.0926)   (0.0680)    (0.0736)    (0.0866)    (0.323)    (0.727)     (0.210)     (0.397)    (0.287)    (0.539)    (0.193)    (0.319)
     Industry Effects               Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes         Yes       Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes       Yes
     Year Effects                   Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes         Yes       Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes       Yes
     Targeted × Year                Yes         No          Yes        No         Yes         No          Yes        No          Yes         No          Yes       No          Yes         No         Yes        No          Yes       No
     R2                            0.797       0.807       0.867      0.873      0.750       0.687       0.706      0.674       0.774       0.714       0.853     0.848       0.892       0.895      0.847      0.777       0.853     0.791
     Observations                  4726        2992        4726       2992       4714        2981        4214       2682        4721        2987        1760      1100        1760        1100       1750       1096        1751      1097
     Clusters                       278         176         278        176        278         176         264        167         278         176          88       55           88         55          88         55          88        55
     Sample                         Full     Non-HCI        Full    Non-HCI       Full     Non-HCI        Full    Non-HCI        Full     Non-HCI        Full   Non-HCI        Full     Non-HCI       Full    Non-HCI        Full   Non-HCI

        Notes.     This table shows average differences-in-differences estimates, before and after 1973. Estimates come from the main DD linkage specification. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward) are shown. Note that dynamic
     figures present only estimates for the linkage of interest.
                                                                                         T ABLE E.4
                                                                  T OTAL L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND I NDUSTRIAL D EVELOPMENT

                                                                      Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)                                                                  Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                                                                  Outcomes (log)                                                                                        Outcomes (log)
                                    Employment              Num. Plants            Labor Prod.              TFP (ACF)               Avg. Wage.           Employment             Num. Plants        Labor Prod.               Avg. Wage.
                                    (1)         (2)         (3)        (4)         (5)         (6)         (7)         (8)        (9)         (10)       (1)        (2)        (3)         (4)       (5)         (6)        (7)        (8)
     Post × Forward Linkage      1.139***    2.449***    0.882***   1.868***    0.534***    0.550**     0.821***   0.737**     0.432***    0.382***     0.632     1.404*     0.747**   1.919***    0.0721      -0.172     0.107      0.0401
92




                                  (0.386)     (0.637)     (0.227)    (0.338)     (0.182)     (0.227)     (0.252)    (0.300)     (0.124)     (0.138)    (0.421)    (0.779)    (0.371)    (0.571)    (0.175)    (0.298)    (0.104)    (0.162)
     Post × Backward Linkage      -0.0856     0.0311      0.0287     0.0803      0.0482      0.0289      -0.0119    -0.0194     0.0148     0.000387    -0.352    -0.731**    -0.0472    -0.188     -0.151    -0.508***   -0.120    -0.366***
                                  (0.136)     (0.143)    (0.0552)   (0.0573)    (0.0567)    (0.0682)    (0.0460)   (0.0453)    (0.0390)    (0.0468)    (0.229)    (0.347)    (0.117)    (0.212)    (0.168)    (0.176)    (0.112)    (0.117)
     Industry Effects               Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes       Yes         Yes
     Year Effects                   Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes         Yes         Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes        Yes         Yes       Yes         Yes
     Targeted × Year                Yes         No          Yes        No          Yes         No          Yes         No         Yes         No         Yes        No         Yes        No         Yes         No        Yes         No
     R2                            0.798       0.808       0.867      0.874       0.750       0.687       0.706      0.675       0.775       0.715      0.855      0.852      0.890      0.894      0.849       0.786     0.855       0.803
     Observations                  4726        2992        4726       2992        4714        2981        4214       2682        4721        2987       1760       1100       1760       1100       1750        1096      1751        1097
     Clusters                       278         176         278        176         278         176         264        167         278         176         88        55          88        55          88          55        88         55
     Sample                         Full     Non-HCI        Full    Non-HCI        Full     Non-HCI        Full    Non-HCI        Full     Non-HCI       Full    Non-HCI       Full    Non-HCI       Full    Non-HCI       Full    Non-HCI

        Notes.     This table shows average differences-in-differences estimates, before and after 1973. Estimates come from the main DD linkage specification. Both linkage interactions (forward and backward) are shown. Note that dynamic
     figures present only estimates for the linkage of interest.
                                         R EFERENCES
Acemoglu, Daron, David Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, and Brendan Price, “Import Compe-
    tition and the Great US Employment Sag of the 2000s,” Journal of Labor Economics, 34 (2015),
    141–198, https://doi.org/10.3386/w20395.
Ackerberg, Daniel A. Kevin Caves, and Garth Frazer, “Identification Properties of Recent Production
    Function Estimators,” Econometrica, 83 (2015), 2411–2451, https://doi.org/10/f776xt.
Aghion, Philippe, Jing Cai, Mathias Dewatripont, Luosha Du, Ann Harrison, and Patrick Legros,
    “Industrial Policy and Competition,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics (2015),
    https://doi.org/10/ghbttz.
Amiti, Mary, and Jozef Konings, “Trade Liberalization, Intermediate Inputs, and Productivity: Evidence
    from Indonesia,” American Economic Review, 97 (2007), 1611–1638, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.888015.
Amsden, Alice H. Asia’s Next Giant: South Korea and Late Industrialization, 2nd ed., (New York: Oxford
    University Press, 1992), https://doi.org/10.1093/0195076036.001.0001.
Balassa, Bela, “Trade Liberalisation and “Revealed” Comparative Advantage,” The Manchester School,
    33 (1965), 99–123, https://doi.org/10/fqg5zv.
Baldwin, Richard, and Paul Krugman, “Market Access and International Competition: A Simulation
    Study of 16k Random Access Memories,” in Empirical Methods for International Trade, Robert
    Feenstra, ed., 1st ed., (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1988), 171–197, https://doi.org/10.3386/w1936.
Baldwin, Robert E. “The Case against Infant Industry Tariff Protection,” Journal of Political Economy,
    77 (1969), 295–305, https://doi.org/10.1086/259517.
Banerjee, Abhijit V. And Esther Duflo, “Do Firms Want to Borrow More? Testing Credit Con-
    straints using a Directed Lending Program,” Review of Economic Studies, 81 (2014), 572–607,
    https://doi.org/10/f53whr.
Bardhan, Pranab K. “On Optimum Subsidy to a Learning Industry: An Aspect of the Theory of Infant-
    Industry Protection,” International Economic Review, 12 (1971), 54–70, https://doi.org/10/cvp2xc.
Barrios, Salvador, and Eric Strobl, “Learning by Doing and Spillovers: Evidence from Firm-Level Panel
    Data,” Review of Industrial Organization, 25 (2004), 175–203, https://doi.org/10/b6cmqq.
Barwick, Panle J. Myrto Kalouptsidi, and Nahim Bin Zahur, “China’s Industrial Policy: An Empirical
    Evaluation,” NBER Working Paper No. 26075, 2019, https://doi.org/10.3386/w26075.
Bau, Natalie, and Adrien Matray, “Misallocation and Capital Market Integration: Evidence from India,”
    NBER Working Paper No. 27955, 2022, https://doi.org/10.3386/w27955.
Beason, Richard, and David E. Weinstein, “Growth, Economies of Scale, and Targeting in Japan (1955-
    1990),” Review of Economics and Statistics, 78 (1996), 286–295, https://doi.org/10.2307/2109930.
Becker, Sascha O. Peter H. Egger, and Maximilian von Ehrlich, “Going NUTS: The Effect of
    EU Structural Funds on Regional Performance,” Journal of Public Economics, 94 (2010),
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jpubeco.2010.06.006.
Beveren, Ilke, “Total Factor Productivity Estimation: A Practical Review,” Journal of Economic Surveys,
    26 (2012), 98–128, https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-6419.2010.00631.x.
Blonigen, Bruce A. “Industrial Policy and Downstream Export Performance,” The Economic Journal,
    126 (2016), 1635–1659, https://doi.org/10/f9dcgb.
Blonigen, Bruce A. And Thomas J. Prusa, “Dumping and Antidumping Duties,” in Handbook of Com-
    mercial Policy, Kyle Bagwell and Robert W. Staiger, ed., vol. 1B, (Amsterdam: North-Holland, 2016),
    107–159, https://doi.org/10/gqnj4w.
Blundell, Richard, and Monica Costa Dias, “Alternative Approaches to Evaluation in Empirical Microe-
    conomics,” Journal of Human Resources, 44 (2009), 565–640, https://doi.org/10.1920/wp.cem.2008.2608.
Callaway, Brantly, and Pedro H. C. Sant’Anna, “Difference-in-Differences with Multiple Time Periods,”
    Journal of Econometrics, 225 (2021), 200–230, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jeconom.2020.12.001.
Castley, Robert, Korea’s Economic Miracle: The Crucial Role of Japan, 1st ed., (Basingstoke, UK: Pal-
    grave Macmillan UK, 1997), https://doi.org/10.2307/2761105.
Cerqua, Augusto, and Guido Pellegrini, “Industrial Policy Evaluation in the Presence of Spillovers,”
    Small Business Economics, 49 (2017), 671–686, https://doi.org/10/gk5f3p.
Chang, Ha-Joon, “The Political Economy of Industrial Policy in Korea,” Cambridge Journal of Economics,
    17 (1993), 131–157, https://doi.org/10.1093/oxfordjournals.cje.a035227.
Cho, Yoon Je, “Finance and Development: The Korean Approach,” Oxford Review of Economic Policy, 5
    (1989), 88–102, https://doi.org/10.1093/oxrep/5.4.88.



                                                 93
Cho, Yoon Je, and Joon-Kyung Kim, “Credit Policies and the Industrialization of Korea,” World Bank
    Discussion Papers No. 286, 1995, https://doi.org/10.1596/0-8213-3246-5.
Cho, Yoon-Je, and David C. Cole, “The Role of the Financial Sector in Korea’s Structural Adjustment,”
    in Structural Adjustment in a Newly Industrializing Country, Vittoria Corbo and Sang-mok Sŏ, ed.,
    (Baltimore; London: John Hopkins University Press for the World Bank, 1992).
Choi, Young, “The North Korean Military Buildup and Its Impact on North Korean Military Strategy in
    the 1980s,” Asian Survey, 25 (1985), 341–355, https://doi.org/10.2307/2644123.
Choue, Inwon, “The Politics of Industrial Restructuring: South Korea’s Turn toward Export-Led Heavy
    and Chemical Industrialization, 1961-1974”, University of Pennsylvania, 1988.
Corden, W. Max, Trade Policy and Economic Welfare, 2nd ed., (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1997),
    https://doi.org/10.1093/0198775342.001.0001.
Costinot, Arnaud, Dave Donaldson, and Ivana Komunjer, “What Goods Do Countries Trade? A
    Quantitative Exploration of Ricardo’s Ideas,” Review of Economic Studies, 79 (2012), 581–608,
    https://doi.org/10/d2zjtw.
Criscuolo, Chiara, Ralf Martin, Henry Overman, and John van Reenen, “Some Causal Effects of an
    Industrial Policy,” American Economic Review, 109 (2019), 48–85, https://doi.org/10/gfz2k5.
Cushman, John H. “The Military Balance in Korea,” Asian Affairs: An American Review, 6 (1979), 359–
    369, https://doi.org/10.1080/00927678.1979.10553986.
Diewert, Erwin, “The Challenge of Total Factor Productivity Measurement,” International Productivity
    Monitor, 1 (2000), 45–52.
Dollar, David, and Kenneth Sokoloff, “Patterns of Productivity Growth in South Korean Man-
    ufacturing Industries, 1963–1979,” Journal of Development Economics, 33 (1990), 309–327,
    https://doi.org/10.1016/0304-3878(90)90026-8.
Eberstadt, Nick, The End of North Korea, (Washington, DC: The AEI Press, 1999), https://doi.org/10.2307/20049595.
Evans, Peter B. Embedded Autonomy: States and Industrial Transformation, (Princeton, NJ: Princeton
    University Press, 1995), https://doi.org/10.1515/9781400821723.
Felipe, Jesus, “Total Factor Productivity Growth in East Asia: A Critical Survey,” Journal of Development
    Studies, 35 (1999), 1–41, https://doi.org/10/cksftj.
Fernald, John, and Brent Neiman, “Growth Accounting with Misallocation: Or, Doing Less
    with More in Singapore,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 3 (2011), 29–74,
    https://doi.org/10.3386/w16043.
Fernandes, Ana M. And Alberto E. Isgut, “Learning-By-Doing, Learning-By-Exporting, and Produc-
    tivity: Evidence from Colombia,” World Bank Policy Research Working Paper No. 3544, 2005,
    https://doi.org/10.1596/1813-9450-3544.
Frank Jr., Charles R. Kwang Suk Kim, and Larry E. Westphal, “Economic Growth in South Korea since
    World War II,” in Foreign Trade Regimes and Economic Development: South Korea, Charles R. Frank
    Jr. and Kwang Suk Kim, ed., (NBER, 1975), 6–24, https://www.nber.org/system/files/chapters/c4063/c4063.pdf.
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade Secretariat, “GATT: Trade Policy Review Mechanism: Republic
    of Korea,” GATT Trade Policy Review Report, 1992.
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade: Balance-of-Payments Committee, “GATT: 1978 Consulation
    under Article XVIII:12(b) with Korea,” 1978.
Giorcelli, Michela, “The Long-Term Effects of Management and Technology Transfers,” American Eco-
    nomic Review, 109 (2019), 1–33, https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20170619.
Gorton, Gary, and Guillermo Ordoñez, “Good Booms, Bad Booms,” Journal of the European Economic
    Association, 18 (2020), 618–665, https://doi.org/10/gpdfvs.
Grossman, Gene M. “Promoting New Industrial Activities: A Survey of Recent Arguments and Evi-
    dence,” OECD Economic Studies, (1990), 87–125.
Gruber, Harald, “Learning by Doing and Spillovers: Further Evidence for the Semiconductor Industry,”
    Review of Industrial Organization, 13 (1998), 697–711, https://doi.org/10/ch53kh.
Haggard, Stephan, Pathways from the Periphery: The Politics of Growth in the Newly Industrializing
    Countries, 1st ed., (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1990).
Hamm, Taik-Young, Arming the Two Koreas: State, Capital and Military Power, (London: Routledge,
    1999), https://doi.org/10.4324/9780203022719.
Han, Sungjoo, “South Korea 1977: Preparing for Self-Reliance,” Asian Survey, 18 (1978), 45–57,
    https://doi.org/10.2307/2643183.




                                                 94
Hanlon, W. Walker, “The Persistent Effect of Temporary Input Cost Advantages in Shipbuild-
    ing, 1850 to 1911,” Journal of the European Economic Association, 18 (2020), 3173–3209,
    https://doi.org/10/gk5f5g.
Harris, Richard, Ian Keay, and Frank Lewis, “Protecting Infant Industries: Canadian Manufacturing
    and the National Policy, 1870–1913,” Explorations in Economic History, 56 (2015), 15–31,
    https://doi.org/10/gftjf4.
Harrison, Ann, and Andrés Rodríguez-Clare, “Trade, Foreign Investment, and Industrial Policy for De-
    veloping Countries,” in Handbook of Development Economics, Dani Rodrik and Mark Rosenzweig,
    ed., vol. 5, (Oxford: North-Holland, 2010), 4039–4214, https://doi.org/10/cf6h9d.
Harrison, Ann E. “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument: Comment,” American Economic
    Review, 84 (1994), 1090–1095.
Head, Keith, “Infant Industry Protection in the Steel Rail Industry,” Journal of International Economics,
    37 (1994), 141–165, https://doi.org/10/bw62rg.
Heckman, James, Hidehiko Ichimura, Jeffrey Smith, and Petra Todd, “Characterizing Selection Bias
    using Experimental Data,” Econometrica, 66 (1998), 1017–1098, https://doi.org/10.3386/w6699.
Hirschman, Albert O. The Strategy of Economic Development, 3rd ed., (New Haven, Connecticut: Yale
    University Press, 1958), https://doi.org/10.2307/1055877.
Hong, Wontack, “Export-Oriented Growth and Trade Patterns of Korea,” in Trade and Structural
    Change in Pacific Asia, Colin I. Bradford Jr. and William H. Branson, ed., (Chicago: University of
    Chicago Press, 1987), 273–306.
— Trade, Distortions and Employment Growth in Korea: Studies in the Modernization of the Republic of
    Korea, (Seoul: Korea Development Institute, 1979), https://www.kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=21.
Horikane, Yumi, “The Political Economy of Heavy Industrialisation: The Heavy and Chemical
    Industry (HCI) Push in South Korea in the 1970s,” Modern Asian Studies, 39 (2005), 369–397,
    https://doi.org/10.1017/s0026749x0400160x.
Hulten, Charles R. And Frank C. Wykoff, “The Estimation of Economic Depreciation using Vintage Asset
    Prices: An Application of the Box-Cox Power Transformation,” Journal of Econometrics, 15 (1981),
    367–396.
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, “Current Economic Position and Prospects of
    the Republic of Korea: Volume I,” 1974.
Inwood, Kris, and Ian Keay, “Trade Policy and Industrial Development: Iron and Steel in a Small Open
    Economy, 1870-1913,” Canadian Journal of Economics/Revue Canadienne d’Économique, 46 (2013),
    1265–1294, https://doi.org/10/gftjf5.
Irwin, Douglas A. “Retrospectives: Challenges to Free Trade,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 5 (1991),
    201–208, https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.5.2.201.
Javorcik, Beata Smarzynska, “Does Foreign Direct Investment Increase the Productivity of Domestic
    Firms? In Search of Spillovers through Backward Linkages,” American Economic Review, 94 (2004),
    605–627, https://doi.org/10.1257/0002828041464605.
Jaworski, Taylor, and Andrew Smyth, “Shakeout in the Early Commercial Airframe Industry,” The
    Economic History Review, 71 (2018), 617–638, https://doi.org/10/gftjf6.
Johnson, Chalmers, MITI and the Japanese Miracle: The Growth of Industrial Policy: 1925-1975, (Stan-
    ford, California: Stanford University Press, 1982), https://doi.org/10.1515/9780804765602.
Juhász, Réka, “Temporary Protection and Technology Adoption: Evidence from the Napoleonic Block-
    ade,” American Economic Review, 108 (2018), 3339–3376, https://doi.org/10/gfkhht.
Juhász, Réka, and Nathan Lane, “The Political Economy of Industrial Policy,” Journal of Economic
    Perspectives, 38 (), 1–29, https://doi.org/10/gtwghr.
Juhász, Réka, Nathan Lane, Emily Oehlsen, and Veronica Pérez, “The Who, What, When, and How of
    Industrial Policy: A Text-Based Approach,” 2023, https://doi.org/10.31235/osf.io/uyxh9.
Juhász, Réka, Nathan Lane, and Dani Rodrik, “The New Economics of Industrial Policy,” Annual Review
    of Economics, 16 (2024), https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-economics-081023-024638.
Kalouptsidi, Myrto, “Detection and Impact of Industrial Subsidies: The Case of Chinese Shipbuilding,”
    Review of Economic Studies, 85 (2018), 1111–1158, https://doi.org/10/gdbd5n.
Kim, Byung-Kook, “The Leviathan: Economic Bureaucracy under Park,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The
    Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard
    University Press, 2011), 200–232.




                                                 95
Kim, Byung-Kook, and Hyug-Baeg Im, “’Crony Capitalism’ in South Korea, Thailand and Taiwan: Myth
    and Reality,” Journal of East Asian Studies, 1 (2001), 5–52, https://doi.org/10.1017/s1598240800000230.
Kim, Chung-Yum, From Despair to Hope: Economic Policymaking in Korea, 1945-1979, (Seoul: Korea
    Development Institute, 2011).
— Policymaking on the Front Lines: Memoirs of a Korean Practitioner, 1945-79, (Washington, DC: World
    Bank, 1994).
Kim, Eun Mee, Big Business, Strong State: Collusion and Conflict in South Korean Development, 1960-
    1990, (Albany, NY: State University of New York Press, 1997), https://doi.org/10.2307/2655211.
— “From Dominance to Symbiosis: State and Chaebol in Korea,” Pacific Focus, 3 (1988), 105–121,
    https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1976-5118.1988.tb00056.x.
Kim, Hyung-A. Heavy and Chemical Industrialization, 1973-1979: South Korea’s Homeland Security
    Measures, Hyung-A. Kim and Clark W. Sorensen, ed., (Seattle: University of Washington Press,
    2011), https://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt1r2d8z.
— Korea’s Development under Park Chung Hee: Rapid Industrialization, 1961-1979, (Abingdon, UK:
    Routledge and Taylor & Francis Group, 2004).
Kim, Ji Hong, “Korean Industrial Policy in the 1970’s: The Heavy and Chemical Industry Drive,” Korea
    Development Institute Working Paper No. 9015, 1990.
Kim, Jong Kil, “The Incentive Structure for Industrialization in a Developing Economy: The Case of
    Korea”, University of Connecticut, 1981.
Kim, Kihwan, and Danny M. Leipziger, “Korea: A Case of Government-Led Development,” in The
    Lessons of East Asia, 3rd ed., (Washington, DC: World Bank Publications, 1993).
Kim, Se Jin, “South Korea’s Involvement in Vietnam and its Economic and Political Impact,” Asian
    Survey, 10 (1970), 519–532, https://doi.org/10.2307/2642884.
Kong, Tat Yan, The Politics of Economic Reform in South Korea: A Fragile Miracle, (London: Routledge,
    2000), https://doi.org/10.4324/9781315004938.
Koo, Bohn-Young, “The Role of the Government in Korea’s Industrial Development,” Korea Development
    Institute Working Paper No. 8407, 1984, https://kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=739.
Krueger, Anne O. “East Asian Experience and Endogenous Growth Theory,” in Growth Theories in
    Light of the East Asian Experience, Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University
    of Chicago Press, 1995), 9–36, https://www.nber.org/books-and-chapters/growth-theories-light-east-
    asian-experience.
— “Government Failures in Development,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 4 (1990), 9–23,
    https://doi.org/10.3386/w3340.
— The Developmental Role of the Foreign Sector and Aid, (Cambridge, MA: Council on East Asian
    Studies Harvard University, 1979), https://doi.org/10.1353/book75556.
Krueger, Anne O. And Baran Tuncer, “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument,” American
    Economic Review, 72 (1982), 1142–1152, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1812029.
Krugman, Paul R. “The Current Case for Industrial Policy,” in Protectionism and World Wel-
    fare, Dominick Salvatore, ed., (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993), 160–179,
    https://doi.org/10.1017/cbo9780511521997.008.
Kwack, Taewon, “Depreciation and Taxation of Income from Capital,” Korea Development Institute
    Research Report No. 85-01, 1985.
— “Industrial Restructuring Experience and Policies in Korea in the 1970s,” Korea Development Insti-
    tute Working Paper No. 8408, 1984, https://www.kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=740.
Kwack, Taewon, and Kye-Sik Lee, “Tax Reform in Korea,” in The Political Economy of Tax Reform,
    Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., 1st ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1992), 117–
    136, https://www.nber.org/books-and-chapters/political-economy-tax-reform.
Kwak, Tae Yang, “The Nixon Doctrine and the Yusin Reforms: American Foreign Policy, the Vietnam
    War, and the Rise of Authoritarianism in Korea, 1968–1973,” Journal of American-East Asian Rela-
    tions, 12 (2003), 33–34, https://doi.org/10.1163/187656103793645315.
Kwang-Mo, Kim, The Spirit of Park Chung-Hee Lives on in the Heavy and Chemical Industry: A Record
    of History, (Seoul: Guiparang Publishing/기파랑, 2015).
Lall, Sanjaya, “Selective Policies for Export Promotion Lessons from Asian Tigers,” UNU-Wider Re-
    search for Action 43, 1997, https://ageconsearch.umn.edu/record/295338/files/RFA43.pdf.
Lane, Nathan, “Replication Data for: ‘Manufacturing Revolutions: Industrial Policy and Industrializa-
    tion in South Korea’”, Harvard Dataverse, https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/VJECHN, 2025.



                                                  96
Lane, Nathan, “The New Empirics of Industrial Policy,” Journal of Industry, Competition and Trade, 1
    (2020), 1–26, https://doi.org/10.1007/s10842-019-00323-2.
Lazzarini, Sergio G. Aldo Musacchio, Rodrigo Bandeira-De-Mello, and Rosilene Marcon, “What Do State-
    Owned Development Banks Do? Evidence from BNDES, 2002–09,” World Development, 66 (2015),
    237–253, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.worlddev.2014.08.016.
Lee, Chong-Sik, “South Korea 1979: Confrontation, Assassination, and Transition,” Asian Survey, 20
    (1980), 63–76, https://doi.org/10.2307/2644008.
Lee, Jong-Wha, “Government Interventions and Productivity Growth,” Journal of Economic Growth, 1
    (1996), 391–414, https://doi.org/10.1007/bf00141045.
Lee, Kyung Tae, “Korea’s Economic Development; Market-Pulled or Government-Pushed?,” Korea Insti-
    tute for Industrial Economics and Trade Occasional Paper No. 15, 1992, https://www.kiet.re.kr/en/pub/occapaperView?occ
Lee, Nae-Young, “The Automobile Industry,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The Transformation of South
    Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011),
    295–321.
Lee, Suk-Chae, “The Heavy and Chemical Industries Promotion Plan (1973-1979),” in Economic De-
    velopment in the Republic of Korea: A Policy Perspective, Lee-Jay Cho and Yoon Hyung Kim, ed.,
    (Honolulu: East-West Center, University of Hawaii Press, 1991), 431–471.
Levinsohn, James, and Amil Petrin, “Estimating Production Functions using Inputs to Control for
    Unobservables,” Review of Economic Studies, 70 (2003), 317–341, https://doi.org/10.3386/w7819.
Lim, Youngil, Government Policy and Private Enterprise: Korean Experience in Industrialization, 1st ed.,
    (Berkeley, CA: Center for Korean Studies, UC Berkeley, 1981).
Lin, Justin Yifu, New Structural Economics: A Framework for Rethinking Development and Policy,
    (Washington, DC: World Bank, 2012),
Liu, Ernest, “Industrial Policies in Production Networks,” Quarterly Journal of Economics, 134 (2019),
    1883–1948, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2962695.
Lucas, Robert E. B. “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument: Comment,” American Economic
    Review, 74 (1984), 1110–1111.
Luedde-Neurath, Richard, “State Intervention and Export-Oriented Development in South Korea,” in
    Developmental States in East Asia, Gordon White, ed., (Basingstoke, UK: Springer, 1988), 68–112,
    https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-349-19195-6_3.
Man, Bae Suk, “Negotiations between Korea and Japan Over Economic Development during the Park
    Chung-Hee Regime - Focusing on ’Four Core Factory Construction Plan’ (korean),” 경제사학, 43
    (2019), 43–77.
Manova, Kalina, Shang-Jin Wei, and Zhiwei Zhang, “Firm Exports and Multinational Activ-
    ity under Credit Constraints,” Review of Economics and Statistics, 97 (2015), 574–588,
    https://doi.org/10.3386/w16905.
Martin, Leslie A. Shanthi Nataraj, and Ann E. Harrison, “In with the Big, Out with the Small:
    Removing Small-Scale Reservations in India,” American Economic Review, 107 (2017), 354–386,
    https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20141335.
Mendoza, Enrique G. And Marco E. Terrones, “An Anatomy of Credit Booms: Evidence from Macro
    Aggregates and Micro Data,” NBER Working Paper No. 14049, 2008, https://doi.org/10.3386/w14049.
Mitrunen, Matti, “War Reparations, Structural Change, and Intergenerational Mobility,” 2023.
Moon, Chung-In, and Byung-Joon Jun, “Modernization Strategy: Ideas and Influences,” in The Park
    Chung Hee Era: The Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed.,
    (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011), 115–139.
Moon, Chung-In, and Sangkeun Lee, “Military Spending and the Arms Race on the Korean Peninsula,”
    Asian Perspective, 33 (2009), 69–99, https://doi.org/10.1353/apr.2009.0003.
Nam, Chong-Hyun, “Trade and Industrial Policies, and the Structure of Protection in Korea,” Korea
    Development Institute Working Paper, 1980.
Nam, Sang-Woo, “Korea’s Financial Reform since the Early 1980s,” in Financial Reform: Theory and Ex-
    perience, Gerard Caprio, Izak Atiyas, and James A. Hanson, ed., (Cambridge: Cambridge University
    Press, 1992), 184–222, https://doi.org/10.1017/cbo9780511571879.010.
Nelson, Richard R. And Howard Pack, “The Asian Miracle and Modern Growth Theory,” The Economic
    Journal, 109 (1999), 416–436, https://doi.org/10.1596/1813-9450-1881.




                                                 97
Nixon, Richard M. “Letter from President Nixon to Korean President Park,” in Foreign Relations of the
    United States, 1969-1976, Edward C. Keefer and Carolyn Yee, ed., vol. XIX, (Washington, DC: United
    States Government Printing Office, 1970), 152–154.
Noland, Marcus, “Selective Intervention and Growth: The Case of Korea,” in Empirical Methods in
    International Trade: Essays in Honor of Mordechai Kreinin, Michael G. Plummer, ed., (Cheltenham,
    UK: Edward Elgar, 2004), 229–246, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.581502.
Noland, Marcus, and Howard Pack, Industrial Policy in an Era of Globalization: Lessons from Asia,
    (Washington, DC: Institute for International Economics, 2003).
Nunn, Nathan, and Daniel Trefler, “The Structure of Tariffs and Long-Term Growth,” American Eco-
    nomic Journal: Macroeconomics, 2 (2010), 158–194, https://doi.org/10.1257/mac.2.4.158.
Nurkse, Ragnar, Problems of Capital Formation in Underdeveloped Countries, (Oxford: Oxford Univer-
    sity Press, 1953), https://doi.org/10.2307/1907894.
Okazaki, Tetsuji, “Industrial Policy and Government Organization in Postwar Japan (in Japanese),”
    CIRJE J-Series No. CIRJE-J-2, 1998.
Olden, Andreas, and Jarle Men, “The Triple Difference Estimator,” The Econometrics Journal (2022),
    531–553, https://doi.org/10.1093/ectj/utac010.
Olley, George S. And Ariel Pakes, “The Dynamics of Productivity in the Telecommunications Equipment
    Industry,” Econometrica, 64 (1996), 1263–1297, https://doi.org/10.2307/2171831.
Pack, Howard, “Industrial Policy: Growth Elixir or Poison?,” World Bank Research Observer, 15 (2000),
    47–67, https://doi.org/10.1093/wbro/15.1.47.
Pack, Howard, and Kamal Saggi, “Is there a Case for Industrial Policy? A Critical Survey,” World Bank
    Research Observer, 21 (2006), 267–297, https://doi.org/10.1093/wbro/lkl001.
Park, Tong-Ho, “A Study on the Industry Tariff System of Korea - with Refer to Heavy & Chemical
    Industry Development,” 4 (1977), 173–214.
Perkins, Dwight H. East Asian Development: Foundations and Strategies (the Edwin O. Reischauer
    Lectures), (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013).
Pons-Benaiges, Oriol, “Did Government Intervention Target Technological Externalities? Industrial Pol-
    icy and Economic Growth in Postwar Japan, 1964-1983,” 2017.
Rasmussen, Poul Nørregaard, Studies in Inter-Sectoral Relations, 1st ed., (Copenhagen: E. Harck, 1956),
    https://doi.org/10.2307/3498675.
Redding, Stephen, “Dynamic Comparative Advantage and the Welfare Effects of Trade,” Oxford Eco-
    nomic Papers, 51 (1999), 15–39, https://doi.org/10.1093/oep/51.1.15.
Rhyu, Sang-Young, and Seok-Jin Lew, “Pohang Iron & Steel Company,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The
    Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard
    University Press, 2011), 322–344.
Robinson, James A. “Industrial Policy and Development: A Political Economy Perspective”, Annual
    World Bank Conference on Development Economics 2010 - Global: Lessons from East Asia and the
    Global Financial Crisis, Justin Yifu Lin and Boris Pleskovic, ed., (Washington, DC: World Bank,
    2010), 61–79.
Rodrik, Dani, “Growth Strategies,” in Handbook of Economic Growth, Philippe Aghion and Steven N.
    Durlauf, ed., vol. 1A, (Amsterdam: North Holland, 2005), 967–1014, https://doi.org/10.1016/S1574-
    0684(05)01014-2.
— “Industrial Policy for the Twenty-First Century,” John F. Kennedy School of Government Faculty
    Research Working Paper No. RWP04-047, 2004, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.617544.
Rodrik, Dani, Gene Grossman, and Victor Norman, “Getting Interventions Right: How South Korea and
    Taiwan Grew Rich,” Economic Policy, 10 (1995), 53–107, https://doi.org/10.2307/1344538.
Rogers, William P. “Telegram from the Department of State to the Embassy in Korea,” in Foreign Rela-
    tions of the United States, 1969-1976, Edward C. Keefer and Carolyn Yee, ed., vol. XIX, (Washington,
    DC: United States Government Printing Office, 1970), 150–152.
Rosenstein-Rodan, Paul N. “Problems of Industrialisation of Eastern and South-Eastern Europe,” The
    Economic Journal, 53 (1943), 202–211, https://doi.org/10.2307/2226317.
Rotemberg, Martin, “Equilibrium Effects of Firm Subsidies,” American Economic Review, 109 (2019),
    3475–3513, https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20171840.
Sant’Anna, Pedro H. C. And Jun Zhao, “Doubly Robust Difference-in-Differences Estimators,” Journal
    of Econometrics, 219 (2020), 101–122, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3293315.




                                                  98
Schmitz Jr, James A. “Government Production of Investment Goods and Aggregate Labor Productivity,”
    Journal of Monetary Economics, 47 (2001), 163–187, https://doi.org/10.1016/s0304-3932(00)00050-7.
Scitovsky, Tibor, “Two Concepts of External Economies,” Journal of Political Economy, 62 (1954), 143–
    151, https://doi.org/10.1086/257498.
Scobell, Andrew, and John M. Sanford, North Korea’s Military Threat: Pyongyang’s Conventional Forces,
    Weapons of Mass Destruction, and Ballistic Missiles, (Carlisle Barracks, PA: U.S. Army War College
    Strategic Studies Institute, 2007),
Silva, João M. C. S. And Silvana Tenreyro, “The Log of Gravity,” Review of Economics and Statistics, 88
    (2006), 641–658, https://doi.org/10.1162/rest.88.4.641.
Smith, Jeffrey, and Petra E. Todd, “Does Matching Overcome Lalonde’s Critique of Nonexperimental
    Estimators?,” Journal of Econometrics, 125 (2005), 305–353, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.286297.
Stern, Joseph J. Ji-Hong Kim, Dwight H. Perkins, and Jung-Ho Yoo, Industrialization and the State: The
    Korean Heavy and Chemical Industry Drive, (Cambridge, MA: Harvard Institute for International
    Development, 1995).
Succar, Patricia, “The Need for Industrial Policy in LDC’s - A Restatement of the Infant Industry
    Argument,” International Economic Review, 28 (1987), 521–534, https://doi.org/10.2307/2526741.
Taylor, William J. Jennifer A. Smith, and Michael J. Mazarr, “US Troop Reductions from Korea,
    1970–1990,” Journal of East Asian Affairs, 4 (1990), 256–286.
Trager, Frank N. “The Nixon Doctrine and Asian Policy,” Southeast Asian Perspectives, (1972), 1–34.
U.S. Senate. Committee on Foreign Relations, US Troop Withdrawal from the Republic of Korea, (Wash-
    ington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office, 1978).
Wade, Robert H. Governing the Market: Economic Theory and the Role of Government in East Asian In-
    dustrialization, 2nd ed., (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1990), https://doi.org/10.1515/9780691187181.
Weinstein, David E. “Evaluating Administrative Guidance and Cartels in Japan (1957-1988),” Journal of
    the Japanese and International Economies, 9 (1995), 200–223, https://doi.org/10.1006/jjie.1995.1011.
Westphal, Larry E. “Industrial Policy in an Export Propelled Economy: Lessons from South Korea’s
    Experience,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 4 (1990), 41–59, https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.4.3.41.
Westphal, Larry E. And Kwang Suk Kim, “Fostering Technological Mastery by Means of Selective In-
    fant Industry Protection.” In Development Strategies in Semi-Industrial Economies, Bela Balassa,
    ed., (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1982), 212–279, https://doi.org/10.1016/b978-0-12-
    680050-0.50019-2.
Woo, Jung-En, Race to the Swift: State and Finance in Korean Industrialization, (New York: Columbia
    University Press, 1991), https://doi.org/10.2307/20045041.
Woo-Cumings, Meredith Jung-En, “National Security and the Rise of the Developmental State in South
    Korea and Taiwan,” Behind East Asian Growth: The Political and Social Foundations of Prosperity
    (1998), 319.
Wooldridge, Jeffrey M. “On Estimating Firm-Level Production Functions using Proxy Variables to Con-
    trol for Unobservables,” Economics Letters, 104 (2009), 112–114, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.econlet.2009.04.026.
World Bank, “Korea - Managing the Industrial Transition: The Conduct of Industrial Policy,” 1987.
— The East Asian Miracle: Economic Growth and Public Policy: A World Bank Policy Research Report,
    (London: Oxford University Press, 1993).
Yang, Ya-Hwei, “Government Policy and Strategic Industries: The Case of Taiwan,” in Trade and Pro-
    tectionism, Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993),
    387–411.
Yoo, Jung-Ho, “The Industrial Policy of the 1970s and the Evolution of the Manufacturing Sector in
    Korea,” Korea Development Institute Working Paper No. 9017, 1990.
— “The Political Economy of Protection Structure in Korea,” in Trade and Protectionism, Takatoshi Ito
    and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993), 361–385.
Yoshioka, Shinji, and Hirofumi Kawasaki, “Japan’s High-Growth Postwar Period: The Role of Economic
    Plans,” ESRI Research Note No. 27, 2016, https://www.esri.go.jp/jp/archive/e_dis/e_dis027/e_dis027.pdf.
Young, Alwyn, “Learning by Doing and the Dynamic Effects of International Trade,” Quarterly Journal
    of Economics, 106 (1991), 369–405, https://doi.org/10.2307/2937942.
Young, Soogil, “Import Liberalization and Industrial Adjustment in Korea”, Korea Development Institute,
    International Forum on Structural Adjustment and Stabilization Policy, Seoul Korea, April 12-19,
    1988. (Seoul: Korea Development Institute, 1988).




                                                  99
Zeile, William J. “Industrial Targeting, Business Organization, and Industry Productivity Growth in the
    Republic of Korea, 1972-1985”, English, Ann Arbor, 1993, 173.




Online Supplemental Appendix
              H.     O NLINE S UPPLEMENTAL H ISTORY A PPENDIX

H.1   Defense Status of South Korea and the Nixonian Shock
    This section provides further context for the defense status of South Korea around
the Nixon Shock. Historian James Palais emphasizes the surprise related to U.S. troop
withdrawal among those in the Park regime: "Park was so shocked by what he per-
ceived as the American failure from the late 1960s to the mid-1970s to respond to
North Korean provocations, to stay the course in Vietnam, and to maintain a solid
commitment to the defense of South Korea that he decided to institute a more deter-
mined policy to achieve the next phase of the industrial revolution by creating a heavy
and chemical industrial sector" (Kim 2004, p.xiv). The U.S. Committee on Foreign Re-
lations (CFR) captured the military implications for South Korea: the "consequence
of the troop withdrawal was the need for South Korea to improve its defense produc-
tion capability" and needed to play "catch-up ball" against the DPRK (U.S. Senate.
Committee on Foreign Relations 1978, p.4).
    Without U.S. troops, the North likely held an advantage over their foe throughout
the 1970s (Cushman 1979; Choi 1985; Eberstadt 1999). 24 The U.S. Senate Committee
on Foreign Relations reported on the nature of the balance: "[t]he principal advantages
for the North today lie in ground weapons (tanks, artillery, mortars), quantity of fighter
aircraft, and quantity of naval combat vessels" (U.S. Senate. Committee on Foreign
Relations 1978, p.2). Lt. Gen. John Cushman concluded that the Second Infantry would
be "essential" in stopping North Korea’s "superior forces in a surprise, Blitzkrieg-style
drive to capture or threaten Seoul" (Cushman 1979, p.361).
    Hence, at the time of Nixon’s first withdrawal, the South was ill-equipped to stave
off a Northern invasion. South Korean forces relied on outdated equipment, such as
vintage American artillery and M-1 rifles (Stern, Kim, Perkins, and Yoo 1995, pp.21–
22). In the event of a DPRK blitz, officials estimated that domestic military stocks
would last for only three days.

H.2   Policy History
     1 Sectoral Acts And Industry Treatment. After the Nixon shock, which marked
a significant shift in US foreign policy, South Korea found itself with a consolidated
autocracy and new avenues for alternative lending. Under Park Chung-hee, the nation
could finally pursue its long-held ambition for a heavy industrial push. Despite facing
various constraints, the Park regime established a legal framework that facilitated the
development of heavy and chemical industries.

24. Eberstadt echoes that by 1979 the DPRK "probably still enjoyed a military advantage over ROK
[South Korea]" (Eberstadt 1999, p.34).




                                                 100
    Six pivotal industry acts formed the foundation of the HCI drive. For this paper,
I derive treated industries from the annexes of these acts, decrees, and their updates.
These sectoral acts, amended throughout the 1970s, include the Petrochemical Industry
Promotion Act, the Machine Industry Promotion Act, the Shipbuilding Industry Pro-
motion Act, the Electronics Industry Promotion Act, and the Iron and Steel Industry
Promotion Act. Many of these acts were enacted during Park’s earlier five-year devel-
opment plans, notably the Electronics Industry Promotion Act of 1969. Others were
established later, likely in anticipation of the aborted Third Five-Year Plan, which was
set to begin in 1972. Thus, the 1973 HCI drive utilized legislative acts that predated the
policy drive, as this legislation was not fully implemented (Kim 1981; Castley 1997);
see Kim (1981, p.82).
    Table A.1 lists sectoral acts and industries associated with HCI incentive programs.
The large cells represent the original six sector acts that underpinned the HCI plan,
while treated industries are defined as those markets covered by the acts. Minor ad-
ditions were made to subsequent enforcement decrees defined after the original acts,
ensuring completeness. In a few cases, additional products were incorporated into the
lists. Nonetheless, most industries and sectors remained stable over the study period.
    This study departs from earlier qualitative analyses of HCI, some of which have
adopted more expansive definitions (e.g., including footwear or textiles) or excluded
the electronics industry.

     2 Parallel Between Japanese And South Korean Targeting. Historians have long
described the influence of Japanese industrial policy on South Korean strategy, partic-
ularly during the HCI drive. Supplemental Appendix Table A.2 details sectors in the
Korean HCI drive compared to Japanese industrial policy and examines major sectoral
legislation and industrial policy actions from HCI alongside the tables and legislation
presented by Okazaki (1998) and Yoshioka and Kawasaki (2016). Japanese sectoral
targeting corresponds to the Japanese Five-Year Plan for Economic Self-Support and
Industrial Policy. See also the early empirical work by Zeile (1993).
    Supplemental Appendix Table A.2 tracks historical accounts from Korean scholars.
Kim Hyung-A encapsulates the attention that HCI planners paid to Japanese compar-
ative advantage, stating: "[Korea’s] confidence was based largely on the experience of
Japan and calculated risk, rather than on unfounded speculation" (Kim 2011c, pp.171–
173). HCI planners closely followed the export records of Japanese industry (Kim and
Leipziger 1993). 25 Along with steel and metals, Woo 1991 notes that Korea’s "strategy
to promote shipbuilding was very simply a carbon copy of Japan’s" (ibid, p. 137).

     3 HCI Skepticism And Pre-1973 Constraints. Skepticism surrounding heavy in-
dustry projects defined Park’s early excursions into this sector. Rejection by inter-
national lenders was continuous. Following Nixon’s announcement, lenders declined
proto-HCI projects. For instance, Japan rejected funding for a four-factory precursor
to the drive and issued critical feasibility studies. European and U.S. lenders later de-
clined as well (Man 2019; Kim 2011c). By 1974, the International Bank of Reconstruc-

25. See (Kim and Leipziger 1993, pp.18–19). The triumvirate HCI planning committee was acutely aware
of the respective economic records of Japan and Korea, especially concerning each country’s historical
export performance before attempting heavy and chemical industry development" (Kim 2011c, p.172).



                                                101
tion and Development’s Economic Mission expressed "serious reservations about the
practicability of many of the export goals set for individual heavy industries," arguing
that Korea should pursue its current comparative advantage in light manufacturing
(International Bank for Reconstruction and Development 1974, p.8).
     This uncertainty surrounding Korea’s heavy industries, in part, explains why Park
could not implement the drive before 1973. Before the HCI drive launch, under both
U.S. and internal pressure from planners, Park had "no choice" but to abandon early
heavy industry projects. Korea’s own Economic Planning Board was reluctant to pur-
sue the targeting that Park envisioned under HCI, which partly inspired him to use
his own planning apparatus (Choue 1988). Without U.S. support, South Korea had
little "chance of getting the seed money to finance HCI projects" (Rhyu and Lew 2011,
p.329). Thus, the political and economic conditions of the early 1970s were necessary
to ultimately realize HCI, which was announced in January 1973.

     4 South Korean Planning And HCI Drive. This section provides a brief note on
South Korean planning, an idea often conflated with Soviet planning. Despite using
similar planning strategies to many postwar economies, South Korea adopted the con-
cept within the context of liberal capitalist economies, drawing inspiration from West-
ern European practices, such as those in Germany and France. Historically, South Ko-
rea’s five-year development plans have encompassed diverse development strategies.
They should not be conflated with communist central planning; instead, they reflect the
"indicative planning" norms of many Western and developing economies in the postwar
era.
   Earlier plans under Park Chung-hee emphasized broad industrial strategies, macro
objectives, and projects in service of aggregate goals (Cho 1989, p.93). To this end, the
HCI plan’s "engineering approach" to sectoral development was somewhat new com-
pared to earlier practices (e.g., those mentioned in the History Section of the main text).
This approach refers to much more interventionist and explicit sectoral targeting ver-
sus broader policies of the earlier era. Moreover, the 1973 drive effectively stalled and
then subsumed an earlier Third Five-Year Plan (1972–1976), fully articulating heavy
industrial goals with a new, ambitious, and sector-specific planning administration.
See (Kim 2011c) for an overview of HCI planning, specifically.
   In contrast, later planning articulated liberalization objectives. For example, those
under Chun Doo-hwan (1982–1986) were antithetical to the earlier HCI approach and
emphasized certain forms of economic liberalization, a retrenchment of intervention-
ism, and more horizontal policies. Thus, the use of "plans" by South Korea is distinct
from the HCI era, which was particularly unique in its degree of dirigisme.

    5 Pre-1973 Trade Policy. Before 1973, treated industries were not specifically tar-
geted by earlier policy regimes. The following shows that output market protection was
substantially lower among HCI sectors. Supplemental Appendix Table A.3 illustrates
the differences in output market protection for 1968 for both quantitative restrictions
and tariff rates. Note that 1968 is the only available pre-treatment year for trade policy
data. The level of output protection for targeted industries is significantly lower than
that of other manufacturers.




                                           102
     6 Post-1979 Withdrawal And Liberalization. I use 1979 as the de facto end date
for the big push; that year, on October 26, President Park was assassinated by Korean
Central Intelligence Agency (KCIA) director Kim Jae-kyu. 26 The event marked the end
of Park’s Yushin dictatorship and the garrison state’s core economic agenda (Cho and
Kim 1995; Lee 2011). 27
    Following Park’s assassination in 1979, Park-era technocrats were removed, some
even purged from the Korean technocracy. Further, the state’s policy orientation
changed fundamentally in the early 1980s, as EPB-led economic stabilization and
liberalization proponents replaced bureaucrats in key decision-making positions (Lee
2011, p.318). Famously, Oh Won-chol, the lead HCI planner, was arrested and banned
from government work (Kim 2004, pp.8–9).
    Between 1981 and 1983, the commercial banking system—a weapon of HCI capi-
tal allocation (see History Section in the main text)—was liberalized by the post-Park
regime. The share of total government loans to manufacturing shrank, and interest
rates between strategic and non-strategic sectors converged (Cho and Cole 1992; Nam
1992). Similarly, in 1981, public finance reforms limited the scope of earlier targeting
by reforming the special tax treatment for key industries (see History Section in the
main text). By 1982, the gap in effective corporate tax rates between strategic and non-
strategic industries closed (Kwack and Lee 1992; Nam 1992). Between 1979 and 1980,
the post-Park government implemented multiple rounds of "investment adjustment"
for targeted sectors (Kim 1994, p.349) as trade liberalization progressed in earnest
(Kim 1988; Kim and Leipziger 1993).
    Though average import liberalization ratios gradually climbed through the HCI
period (1973–1979), full import liberalization was only seriously discussed in 1978.
However, economic instability in 1979–1980 postponed it until the post-Yushin era
(Kim 1988, pp.1–2). The import liberalization ratio, calculated by Korea’s Ministry of
Trade and Industry, climbed from 68.6 in 1979 to 76.6 by 1982. During liberalization,
preferential trade policy exemptions were reduced in 1982 and 1984.


                 I.    O NLINE S UPPLEMENTAL D ATA A PPENDIX

I.1   Korean News Data and Korean Newspaper Text Mining
    I capture the rising tensions that coincide with the Nixon Doctrine (also referred
to as the Guam Doctrine) using a simple textual analysis of the South Korean Naver
news archive; I describe this analysis further in this annex. 28
    I create a count-based metric for the number of related newspaper articles to mea-
sure threats. To do so, this paper uses the South Korean Naver News Library, a full-
text newspaper database covering the period of interest: 1960–1979. The service offers
articles from four major newspaper publishers in Korea. The two major newspapers
with full-text material covering the 1960–1979 period are Donga and Kyunghyang. For

26. For a contemporaneous overview of the Park assassination and its implications, see (Lee 1980).
27. Earlier that year, the government announced their Comprehensive Stabilization Program in efforts
to address the apparent macroeconomic instability brought on by turbulent world economic conditions
and HCI’s imbalances. Nonetheless, Park’s death finally opened the door for wide-scale liberalization,
both economic and political.
28. I thank Kim Chan for his amazing assistance.


                                                103
each source, we scrape metadata and textual data related to provocations. We describe
the matching and data collection next.
    I use a "dictionary" (vector) set of keywords to record the extent of military ac-
tions against the armistice. North Korea’s military actions against the post-Korean
War armistice entailed many types of confrontations—from high-profile commando-
style attacks to more benign demonstrations of military force that violated the treaty.
Hence, our dictionary captures a wide variety of events.
    First, to construct our military action dictionary, I start with an initial list of "seed
words" (or keywords) derived from articles related to North Korea’s armed provocations
against South Korea (e.g., Korean-language Wikipedia entries). From these articles, I
extract frequently used words related to military events. Using this method, I populate
a vector of seed terms:

      도발(provocation), 교전(engagement), 남침(invasion of the South), 침투(infiltration), 폭파
      (explosion), 포격(shelling), 전투(battle), 공습(air raid), 싸움(fight), 대피(evacuation), 적대
      (hostility), 습격(raid), 부상(injury), 피랍(hijacking), 피격(being fired), 격침(sink), 보복(re-
      taliation), 무력(force), 동원(mobilize), 침범(invasion), 위협(threat), 납치(kidnapping), 나포
      (seizure), 납북(kidnapped to North Korea), 교란(confusion tactics), 발사(launch), 사격(fire),
      미수(attempted), 첩보(intelligence) ,공작(maneuvering), 대남(against South Korea), 테러
      (terror), 화전양면(stick-and-carrot strategy), 전술(tactics), 전략(strategy)

    Second, using a Korean-language word vector model, I extract the ten most similar
words related to each of the keywords above. We collect the relevant terms from each
set of similar words. Of course, terms in the ten most similar word vectors may be
unrelated to military attacks, and I discard these unrelated topic terms. Finally, I de-
duplicate the core lists since I construct multiple-word vectors from related seed terms.
    After combining and text pre-processing our word similarity vectors, I have the
following dictionary term list for military incursions:

      침범(invasion), 초토화(burned to the ground), 불바다(sea of flame), 군사력(military power),
      휴전선(the Military Demarcation Line), 공격(attack), 억류(detainment), 심리전(psycholog-
      ical warfare), 비무장지대(DMZ: demilitarized zone), 사이버테러(cyber terror), 탄도미사
      일(ballistic missile), 인민군(the NK People’s Army), 군사(military), 재래식(conventional
      type), 위력(power), 과시(showing off), 요격(interception), 잠입(infiltrate), 무장(armament),
      기관총(machine gun), 피습(being attacked), 배치(arrangement), 전개(deployment), 진압
      (repression), 반격(counter attack), 공세(military offensive), 화학무기(chemical weapon),
      응징(retribution), 건재(be alive and well), 대원(trooper)

   I use this master list to demarcate (label) articles in the Naver News Archives into
two classes: "about a military event" or "not about a military event." I then count the
main articles (those in the general part of the articles) that match our keywords.

I.2   Data Harmonization
    This appendix details the harmonization of the industrial panel data. The paper re-
lies on industry-level data from the Mining and Manufacturing Survey (MMS), which is
enumerated at the establishment level. I focus on the central industrial panels used in
my analysis to broadly describe the dozen other crosswalks required to attach separate
data to the main industrial-level panels.
    At a high level, the analysis requires two types of data harmonization:



                                              104
        1. Harmonizing through time, within data: creating industrial defini-
           tions that are consistent through time.
        2. Harmonizing across industrial data sets: mapping industrial defini-
           tions consistently across data sets (in different industrial code nomen-
           clatures).

I.3   Data Harmonizing: Korean Industrial Panels
     i Code Changes and Crosswalk Schemas. First, consider industry harmonization.
This study relies heavily on data from the Mining and Manufacturing Census/Survey
(MMS), published by the Economic Planning Board (EPB). MMS data uses a local Ko-
rean coding scheme (KSIC) largely based on the International Standard Industrial
Classification (ISIC) nomenclature.
    Harmonizing panels requires creating multiple cross-walked schemas, algorithms
for harmonizing across many industrial codes, to map industry codes through time.
This is necessary because between 1967 and 1986, our study period, the KSIC code
system had multiple updates: in 1970, 1975, and 1984. These crosswalks allow the
mapping of sector definition "splits" to time-consistent industry identifiers.
    I digitized primary source Economic Planning Board publications to build these
schemas, which were then hand-cleaned to correct typos and discrepancies. Errors in
code scheme documents are omnipresent in historical harmonization projects. Hence,
this is not a remark on the high-quality MMS publications. Common errors in this
project stem from (a) orphan codes or (b) typos in official typesetting. The former in-
cludes cases where official code manuals diverge from actual use in later statistical
documents.
     ii Mapping Code Changes for Industry Panels. The clean crosswalk schemas were
used for the main MMS industrial census data set to map sector "splits" back to their
original baseline code boundary. For five-digit industry panels (1970–1986), I map
splits to their 1970 KSIC code boundaries, the initial baseline coding scheme.
    For example, consider the non-metallic minerals industry and harmonizing the five-
digit industrial panel (starting in 1970). In 1975, the industries (36994) Manufacture
of Asbestos Products and (36995) Manufacture of Mineral Wools split from the original
1970 industry (36996) Manufacture of Stone Texture. My schema crosswalk aggregates
the two 1975 sector codes back to their original 1970 code.
    Similarly, some Korean industry codes merged over time. For example, the 1975
sector (32163) Manufacture of Man-made Fiber Fabrics merged from two distinct 1970
industry codes: (32172) Manufacture of Silk Fabrics and (32176) Manufacture of Fab-
rics of Man-made Fibers. In the case of aggregating sectors over time, the two 1970 in-
dustries aggregate into a larger synthetic sector instead of splitting the 1975 industry
into two separate industries.
    Although I use 1970 code boundaries, the code labels (or alphanumeric index) in
the harmonized data are not literal 1970 codes. Harmonized code values differ due
to aggregation, splits, etc. While newer codes map back to their 1970 code definitions,
adjusted code values are used in the data to accommodate harmonization. For example,
codes may map back to the 1970 code 32111, which takes the value 3211A to reflect the
aggregation of multiple codes.
    For four-digit industry panels, I harmonize codes back to the original 1968 KSIC
code levels (1968–1986). The four-digit data spans a major code change between the

                                          105
1960s codes and the 1970 KSIC code revision. Hence, the four-digit data requires much
more harmonization (thus, aggregation) than the five-digit panel, which starts in 1970.
    Before 1970, the 1960s disaggregated KSIC codes were shorter (around four charac-
ters long). The 1968 codes were also based on a slightly different coding nomenclature,
where "levels" are distinct from 1970s levels. To be precise, three-digit 1960s codes cor-
respond to 1970s four-digit codes. Similarly, the 1960s four-digit level is equivalent to
the five-digit level in the 1970s data. "Four-digit" and "five-digit" always refer to post-
1970s usage. This distinction is mostly cosmetic; for industries that were not merged
or split during this period, a five-digit code in post-1970 KSIC is roughly equivalent to
four-digit KSIC codes. Harmonization codes between the pre-1970 and post-1970 pe-
riods require a more extensive aggregation of industries to account for this structural
change in industrial codes.

I.4    Data Harmonization: Other Code Schemes
    Though this study relies heavily on MMS data, the analysis requires combining the
core MMS panels with IO tables, price data, policy measures, and trade data. Thus,
further crosswalk schemas are used to harmonize data across coding schemes. South
Korean data from different agencies often use their own distinct coding systems that
include mapping between the Korean Standard Industrial Classifications, current (as
of 2015) Bank of Korea industry classifications, historical Bank of Korea schemes for
IO tables, and historical SITC trade nomenclatures, among others.
    Thus, I also consider the following cross-data set harmonization:
      • Trade data to industry panels: four-digit SITC Rev. 1 to harmonized (four/five-digit) KSIC
        data. (Ex: for trade policy regressions).
      • Industry data to SITCs trade panels: harmonized KSIC data to four-digit SITC Rev. 1 .
        (Ex: for DDD export development regressions).
      • IO to industry panel: Bank of Korea Codes (vintage, 1970s) to harmonized KSIC data.
        (Ex: For indirect/network analysis).
      • Price data to industry panel: Bank of Korea Codes (contemporary) to harmonized KSIC
        data. (Ex: for development outcome regressions).
      • Trade policy to industry panel: CCCN to SITC Rev. 1, four-digit level.

    Significantly, for this project, annual price statistics and 1970 input-output ac-
counts use the Bank of Korea’s own industrial coding system (referred to as "BOK
codes" throughout). Like harmonization across multiple KSIC revisions, BOK data
also requires harmonization within BOK code revisions. I constructed these crosswalk
schemas from appendices of the bank’s input-output table publications. They cover
splits for the years 1975, 1980, 1983, and 1985. This list is not exhaustive.

I.5    Policy Data: Effective Average Marginal Tax Rate Calculation
   I now describe the effective marginal tax rate data presented in the paper. (Kwack
1984) estimated these rates, and the following is based on their documentation and
white paper. I digitized and translated this manuscript and data from Korean. 29 Al-
though the data is not disaggregated, the authors’ process is comprehensive and ac-
counts for many institutional specifics related to nominal public finance policies and
subsidies from 1960 through the late 1980s.

29. The (Kwack 1984) data is used in (Stern, Kim, Perkins, and Yoo 1995).


                                                106
    The (Kwack 1984) calculations assume corporate users of capital fully use state in-
centives. All general economic indicators used in their calculation, detailed below (e.g.,
interest rates, export ratios), are in real values. The effective marginal tax rate—
inclusive of tax policies—is equal to the following equation [translated from (Kwack
1984)]:


                                                               (1 − τ∗ ) r
(18a)                                       EMTR = 1 −
                                                                 Z −δ
    for each period, where,


                                ( r ∗ + δ − π) 1 − { k + B + (τ z)∗ } 1 − f ′ − uz f ′
                                              £                      ¡       ¢         ¤
(18b)                     Z≡
                                  (1 − u∗ ) + 0.02 (1 − θ ) επ∗ (1 − f ′ ) M · p/ p∗

    The authors define the terms in the following way. 30
    Above, r represents the real rate of return, and π indicates expected inflation. The
term τ∗ comprises the nominal tax rate (τ), the local administrative tax rate ( l ), and
the defense tax rate ( f ). The term f ′ reflects changes in the defense tax rate. 31 The
term u∗ denotes the tax rate per unit of taxable corporate income, with u being the
effective tax rate, reflecting direct reductions or exemptions such as tax breaks in a
given period.
    The present value of the tax reduction or exemption effect from the accelerated
depreciation system is τ z∗ . This applies when a tax reduction or exemption system is
in place for a given period. The term z represents the present value of depreciation per
unit of investment under a basic depreciation system.
    (Kwack 1984) defines k as the investment tax credit, B as the present value of the
tax reduction effect from the "investment reserve," and θ as the average (net) indirect
tax rate. ϵ denotes the export ratio for an industry, and M is the present value of the
reduction in the tax base due to a one-unit increase in export-related reserves. Finally,
p/ p∗ is the reciprocal of the value-added tax.
    The calculations apply to each industry for the periods 1969–1983. Effective
marginal rate calculations account for period-specific incentive programs and general
tax policies during the study period. These policies include the corporate tax rate,
investment tax credit rate, depreciation rates under the tax law, special depreciation
rates, and period-specific tax reductions and exemptions.
    The authors assume that the private loan interest rate equals the marginal interest
rate of the capital market. This is a strong assumption. During the Park regime, inter-
est rates in the unofficial private, or curbside, capital market were quite high due to
the risks associated with operating outside the authorized market. Depreciation rates

30. Additionally, they note:
                                            r ∗ = r (1 − τ) + π,
                                            τ∗ = τ(1 + l + f ),
                                           u∗ = u(1 + l + f ) + (τ − u) f ′ .

31. For 1979 and earlier, f ′ = f ; for years after 1980, f ′ = 1.5 × f .




                                                         107
for the calculation are estimated using (Hulten and Wykoff 1981), while the discount
rate is derived from a cost-of-capital calculation. 32


               J.    S UPPLEMENTAL A PPENDIX : D IRECT R ESULTS

J.1   Robustness: Continuous Treatment
    For robustness, I examine the patterns of industrial development using a continu-
ous industry-level measure of "exposure" to HCI, calculated from MMS data. For each
four-digit industry, supplemental MMS tables report the value of plant output across
eight-digit products. These eight-digit products may fall inside or outside a plant’s
primary (four-digit) industry.
    I use this feature of the 1970 MMS data to construct a continuous industry-level
measure that captures the share of product-level output (value shipped) directed to
either HCI or non-HCI markets. For example, consider an arbitrary four-digit man-
ufacturing industry. For plants operating primarily in a four-digit market, the MMS
reports the value of output across other eight-digit product markets. For multi-product
plants, although most output falls within a "home" industry, output may spill over
into products in other four-digit markets. I calculate an industry’s product-level expo-
sure to HCI (or non-HCI) markets as the total value of products shipped to only HCI
(or non-HCI) markets, divided by the total output produced by firms in the four-digit
industry.
    I replace the binary treatment variable with this continuous measure in the core
DD regressions. Supplemental Appendix Figure B.2 shows results from the main spec-
ification (Eq. 1) using the continuous HCI measure calculated at the four-digit level.
The results mirror the pattern of the binary measures for the main development out-
comes and output. Supplemental Appendix Figure B.2 presents continuous estimates
for shipments, labor productivity, prices, employment, and the share of manufacturing
output. Binary and continuous treatment variables track one another closely, showing
strong overlap.
    These results suggest limited horizontal spillovers among plants, with HCI plants
likely producing most of their output in HCI markets. Thus, this variable may not be
adequate as a continuous measure of treatment intensity. Nevertheless, it indicates
that horizontal spillovers to non-HCI industries through multi-product plants may be
limited.


       K.     S UPPLEMENTAL A PPENDIX : T RIPLE D IFFERENCE WITH
                               I NDUSTRY D ATA
   The primary triple difference analysis in the paper focuses on granular (SITC level)
trade data. This section conducts a similar analysis, but uses alternative industry data,
specifically UNIDO two-digit (ISIC) industry data. It is important to note that UNIDO

32. The expected inflation rate is also estimated using an adaptive expectation model and applied to a de-
flator for each asset class (e.g., building and plant capital, machinery and equipment, and transportation
machinery).




                                                  108
cross-country industrial data are far less comprehensive and represent imperfect his-
torical data. In addition to being substantially more aggregated, UNIDO data are in-
complete for many countries and contain numerous missing observations. Therefore, I
require countries to meet a minimum number of observations. Supplemental Appendix
Figure C.1 presents DDD estimates for industrial outcomes recorded at the two-digit
level. 33
    Supplemental Appendix Figure C.1 highlights a notable effect for value-added (top)
and workers (middle). Labor productivity (bottom), the ratio of the two panels above, is
much noisier. Despite the limitations of historical, aggregate industry data, differences
in labor productivity narrowed during the HCI period after the post-1974 bump, and
this trend continued after the crisis of the 1970s. Given the limitations of UNIDO data,
I present this as a robustness exercise that complements more complete trade-based
analyses.

33. HCI sectors must be (re)coded at the two-digit level. For this reason, the mapping to the HCI industry
is less refined than four-digit and five-digit coding.




                                                  109
                          L.      S UPPLEMENTAL A PPENDIX F IGURES




                                      F IGURE A.1
            New Loans Issued By Traditional Commercial Deposit Money Banks
The figure shows political events around the heavy and chemical industry drive. This plot shows alternative data to the plots in
the main appendix. Panel A (left) recorded North Korean military actions that violate armistice; see Online Appendix. Panel B
(right) shows the share of New York Times news stories referring to troop withdrawal. Share is measured as the total number of
full-text article hits (’South Korea+Troop Withdrawal’) divided by the number of stories published, via New York Times.




                                                             110
                                        F IGURE B.1
               Robustness - Relative Growth in TFP Post 1979, Micro-Estimates
This figure shows the relationship between HCI and total factor productivity using plant-level data for the post-1979 period.
The coefficients in the figure are estimated from the plant-level DD regressions, with 1980 as the omitted year. TFP outcomes
are estimated using Ackerberg-Caves-Frazer (ACF), Levinsohn-Petrin (LP), Olley-Pakes (OP), Wooldridge (W) methods, as well
as baseline OLS using the Solow residual. Log-transformed production functions are structurally estimated for 4-digit industry.
Two-way standard errors are clustered at the industry and plant level. Bars show 95 percent confidence intervals.




                                                            111
                                       F IGURE B.2
       Robustness - Impact of Industrial Policy (Continuous Measure) on Industrial
                                      Development
This figure shows dynamic differences-in-differences (DD) estimates for the relationship between HCI and industrial development
outcomes (all log). HCI is now a continuous measure, measured as the share of HCI products shipped by each 4-digit industry;
see Appendix for details. All outcomes are log: Shipments are the real value shipped. Labor productivity is real value added over
number of workers. Employment is the number of workers. Output share is the manufacturing share of industry output. Prices
are industry-level output prices. Num. Plants are the number of establishments operating in a given industry. Standard errors
are clustered at the industry level. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy. 1979 demarcates the end of the
Park regime. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. 95 percent confidence bars are shown.
                                                              112
                                    F IGURE C.1
 Robustness - Cross-Country (Triple Differences) Export Development and Industrial
                            Policy With Industrial Data
This figure shows dynamic triple difference (DDD) estimates using alternative data. The figure plots the main triple difference
interaction (Treated Industry x Korea x Year) for the impact of HCI on ISIC 2-digit level UNIDO data. All specifications include
Country-Industry, Country-Year, and Industry-Year effects. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy inter-
vention. All specifications use two-way clustering at the country and industry level. 95 percent confidence intervals are shown in
light gray. Note that UNIDO data is very incomplete, expecially for earlier years, and should be interpreted with caution; this is
strictly a robustness check.




                                                              113
                                     F IGURE C.2
   Robustness - Cross-Country (Differences-in-Differences) Export Development and
                                  Industrial Policy
This figure shows difference-in-differences estimates for the impact of Korean HCI compared to world HCI sectors, using SITC-
level trade data. This is a slightly modified version of the baseline specification with additional country fixed effects. Fixed effects
for each specification are shown in the legend. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy intervention. The
line at 1979 demarcates the fall of the Park regime. All specifications cluster standard errors at the country level. 95 percent
confidence intervals are shown in gray.



                                                                 114
                                                                T ABLE A.1
                              S ECTORAL L EGISLATION AND H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRIES (T REATED I NDUSTRIES )

      Act                            Korean                                   Translation

      Steel Industry                 제선                                       Iron making

      Steel Industry                 제강                                       Steel making

      Steel Industry                 압연                                       Rolling

      Steel Industry                 주물용 선철 생산                                Production of pig iron for casting

      Steel Industry                 합금철 생산                                   Ferro alloy production

      Steel Industry                 강괴 생산                                    Steel ingot production

      Steel Industry                 압연재(제품 포함) 생산                            Production of rolled materials (including products)

      Steel Industry                 주물 생산                                    Casting production

      Steel Industry                 주단강품 생산                                  Casting and forging production

      Steel Industry                 스텐레스강판 생산                                Production of stainless steel plates

      Steel Industry                 스텐레스봉강 생산                                Production of stainless steel bars

      Steel Industry                 고탄소강 생산                                  High carbon steel production

      Steel Industry                 합금강(소재 포함) 생산                            Production of alloy steel (including material)
115




      Steel Industry                 전자연철판 생산                                 Electronic wrought iron plate production

      Nonferrous Metal Industry      동광                                       Copper ore

      Nonferrous Metal Industry      연광                                       Lead ore

      Nonferrous Metal Industry      아연광                                      Zinc ore

      Nonferrous Metal Industry      금광                                       Gold ore

      Nonferrous Metal Industry      은광                                       Silver ore

      Shipbuilding Industry          선박 건조                                    Shipbuilding

      Shipbuilding Industry          선박 개조                                    Ship renovation

      Shipbuilding Industry          선박 수리                                    Ship repair

      Shipbuilding Industry          선박 부분품 제조                                mfg. parts for ships

      Shipbuilding Industry          선박 부분품 수리                                Repairing parts of the ship

      Shipbuilding Industry          구명기구                                     Life equipment

      Shipbuilding Industry          항해기구                                     Navigation equipment

      Shipbuilding Industry          갑판기계                                     Deck machinery

      Chemical Industry              나프타 분해공업                                 Naphtha decomposition industry

      Chemical Industry              폴리에틸렌 제조공업                               Polyethylene mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry              V.C.M. 제조공업                              Vinyl Chloride Monomer mfg. industry


                                                                                                                                    (Continued ...)
                                                       T ABLE A.1
                S ECTORAL L EGISLATION AND H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRIES (T REATED I NDUSTRIES ) (continued)

      Act                   Korean                                     Translation


      Chemical Industry     스틸렌보노바 제조공업                                Styrenebonova mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     에탄올(합성) 제조공업                               Ethanol (synthetic) mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     아세트 알데히트 제조공업                              Acetaldehyde mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     부탄올 제조공업                                   Butanol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     옥탄올 제조공업                                   Octanol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     빙초산 제조공업                                   Glacial acetic acid mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     아크릴로니트릴 제조공업                               Acrylonitrile mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     알킬벤젠 제조공업                                  Alkylbenzene mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     폴리푸로필렌 제조공업                                Polypropylene mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     합성고무(S.B.R.) 제조공업                          Styrene Butadiene Rubber mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     씨크로헥산 제조공업                                 Cyclohexane mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     훼놀 제조공업                                    Phenol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     아니린 제조공업                                   Aniline mfg. industry
116




      Chemical Industry     무수푸탈산 제조공업                                 Phthalic anhydride mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     메탄올 제조공업                                   Methanol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     카본불랙 제조공업                                  Carbon black mfg. Industry

      Chemical Industry     포리스틸랜 제조공업                                 Polystyrene mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     카프로락탐 제조공업                                 Caprolactam mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     암모니아 제조공업(석유화학공업연료로 공급하는 것에 한함)            Ammonia mfg. industry (limited to supply as petrochemical fuel)

      Chemical Industry     D.M.T. 제조공업                                Dimethyl Terephthalate mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     에틸렌그리클 제조공업                                Ethylene glycol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     폴리푸로필렌그리콜 제조공업                             Polypropylene glycol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     테레프탈산(T.P.A.) 제조공업                         Terephthalic Acid mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     무수마레인산 제조공업                                Maleic anhydride mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     큐멘 제조공업                                    Cumene mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     아세톤 제조공업                                   Acetone mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     2염화 에틸렌(E.D.C.) 제조공업                       Ethylene Dichloride mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     펜타에리스리틀 제조공업                               Pentaerythrityl mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     키시렌분유공업                                    Xylene milk powder industry

      Chemical Industry     산화푸로필렌제조공업                                 Propylene oxide mfg. industry

                                                                                                                                         (Continued ...)
                                                       T ABLE A.1
                S ECTORAL L EGISLATION AND H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRIES (T REATED I NDUSTRIES ) (continued)

      Act                   Korean                                     Translation



      Chemical Industry     산화에틸렌제조공업                                  Ethylene oxide mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     염소제조공업(석유화학 원료로 공급하는 것에 한한다)               Chlorine mfg. industry (limited to supply as petrochemical fuel)

      Chemical Industry     톨루엔 디 이소시아네이트제조공업                          Toluene diisocyanate mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     메틸메타 아그레이트모노 마제조공업(중간체인 시안화합물을 포함한다)       Methyl methacrylate monomer mfg. industry (including intermediate cyanide compound)

      Chemical Industry     합성고무(폴리부타디엔 고무에 한한다) 제조공업                  Synthetic rubber (limited to polybutadiene rubber) mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     초산비닐모노마제조공업                                Vinyl acetate monomer mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     염화비니리딘수지제조공업                               Viniridine chloride resin mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     석유수지제조공업                                   Petroleum resin mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     정파라핀(노루말 파라핀에 한한다)제조공업                     Regular paraffin (limited to normal paraffin) mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     폴리비닐 알콜제조공업                                Polyvinyl alcohol mfg. industry

      Chemical Industry     초산에틸제조공업                                   Ethyl acetate mfg. industry

      Machine Industry      보일러 및 원자로                                  Boiler and reactor

      Machine Industry      내연기관 및 터빈                                  Internal combustion engine and turbine
117




      Machine Industry      축수                                         Bearing

      Machine Industry      동력전달장치                                     Power transmission device

      Machine Industry      볼트 및 너트                                    Bolt and nut

      Machine Industry      금속공작기계                                     Metal machine tools

      Machine Industry      금속1차제품제조기                                  Metal primary product mfg. machine

      Machine Industry      제2차금속가공기계                                  Secondary metal processing machine

      Machine Industry      용접기계                                       Welding machine

      Machine Industry      금형                                         Mold

      Machine Industry      공구                                         Tool

      Machine Industry      전구                                         Electric bulb

      Machine Industry      펌프, 송풍기, 압축기                               Pump, blower, compressor

      Machine Industry      유압기계                                       Hydraulic machine

      Machine Industry      냉동기 및 공기조절장치                               Refrigerator and air conditioner

      Machine Industry      화학기계                                       Chemical instruments

      Machine Industry      하역운반기계                                     Unloading machine

      Machine Industry      광산기계                                       Mining machine



                                                                                                                                                             (Continued ...)
                                                       T ABLE A.1
                S ECTORAL L EGISLATION AND H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRIES (T REATED I NDUSTRIES ) (continued)

      Act                   Korean                                     Translation

      Machine Industry      토목건설기계                                     Civil construction machine

      Machine Industry      플라스틱 성형가공기계                                Plastic molding machine

      Machine Industry      섬유기계                                       Textile machine

      Machine Industry      팔프 제지 지공기계                                 Pulp paper making machine

      Machine Industry      포장 하조기계                                    Packaging machine

      Machine Industry      인쇄제본기계                                     Machine for printing and binding

      Machine Industry      목공기계                                       Woodworking machine

      Machine Industry      식료 및 음료가공기계                                Food and beverage processing machine

      Machine Industry      농업용기계                                      Agricultural machine

      Machine Industry      공업용 로 및 발열기기                               Industrial furnaces and heating device

      Machine Industry      주조장치                                       Casting machine

      Machine Industry      밸브 및 관이음쇠                                  Valve and pipe joints

      Machine Industry      계측기계                                       Measuring machine
118




      Machine Industry      시계                                         Clock

      Machine Industry      광학기계                                       Optical machine

      Machine Industry      사무용기계                                      Office machine

      Machine Industry      재봉기                                        Sewing machine

      Machine Industry      제약 및 의료용기기                                 Pharmaceutical and medical device

      Machine Industry      중전기 장치                                     Heavy electric device

      Machine Industry      가정용 전기기기                                   Home appliance

      Machine Industry      조명기기                                       Lighting equipment

      Machine Industry      전지 및 축전기                                   Battery and capacitor

      Machine Industry      유무선 통신장치                                   Wired and wireless communication device

      Machine Industry      방송 및 수신장치                                  Broadcasting and receiving device

      Machine Industry      전자응용장치                                     Electronic application device

      Machine Industry      전선 및 케이블                                   Wires and cables

      Machine Industry      자동차                                        Car

      Machine Industry      자전차                                        Bicycle

      Machine Industry      산업차량                                       Industrial vehicle

      Machine Industry      철도차량                                       Railway vehicle


                                                                                                                 (Continued ...)
                                                        T ABLE A.1
                 S ECTORAL L EGISLATION AND H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRIES (T REATED I NDUSTRIES ) (continued)

      Act                    Korean                                     Translation


      Machine Industry       선박                                         Vessel

      Machine Industry       항공기                                        Aircraft

      Machine Industry       교통 신호보안 관제장치                               Traffic signal security control system

      Machine Industry       민수용 총기                                     Civil gun

      Machine Industry       주물                                         Casting

      Machine Industry       기계기구용 비철금속 단조품과 프레스제품                      Nonferrous metal forging and press products for machinery

      Machine Industry       방위산업용기기 및 장비                               Equipment for the defense industry

      Machine Industry       특수강제품                                      Special steel product

      Electronics Industry   라듸오수신기                                     Radio receiver

      Electronics Industry   텔레비죤수상기                                    Television

      Electronics Industry   음성주파장치                                     Voice frequency device

      Electronics Industry   통신기계기구                                     Communication equipment

      Electronics Industry   무선응용장치                                     Wireless application device
119




      Electronics Industry   전자응용장치                                     Electronic application device

      Electronics Industry   전기계측기                                      Electrical measuring instrument

      Electronics Industry   전자관                                        Electronic tube

      Electronics Industry   반도체소자                                      Semiconductor device

      Electronics Industry   직접회로                                       Integrated crcuit

      Electronics Industry   회로부품                                       Circuit parts

      Electronics Industry   음향부품                                       Sound components

      Electronics Industry   기구부품                                       Equipment parts

      Electronics Industry   집합부품                                       Assembly parts

      Electronics Industry   기타 기계 · 금속 · 화공계열부품                        Other mechanical, metal, and chemical parts

      Electronics Industry   자기재료                                       Magnetic material

      Electronics Industry   절연재료                                       Insulating material

      Electronics Industry   도전재료                                       Conductive material

      Electronics Industry   반도체재료                                      Semiconductor material
      Electronics Industry                       특수재료                                                                                                       Special material

        Notes.      This table shows South Korean industries matched to industries listed in government legislation. Official industry lists come from legislative documents and their annexes: Gigyegong [Enforcement Decree of the Machinery Industry Promotion
      Act], amended by Presidential Decree No. 7850, Oct. 27, 1975 (S. Kor.). Cheolganggong-eopyukseongbeop [Steel Industry Promotion Act], amended by Act. No. 3011, Dec. 16, 1977 (S. Kor.). Cheolganggong-eopyukseongbeopsihaengryung [Enforcement Decree of
      the Steel Industry Promotion Act], amended by Presidential Decree No. 8885, Mar. 9, 1978 (S. Kor.). Bicheolgeumsokjeryeonsa-eopbeop [Nonferrous Metal Industry Promotion Act], amended by Act. No. 3011, Dec. 16, 1977 (S. Kor.). Bicheolgeumsokjeryeonsa-
      eopbeopsihaengryung [Enforcement Decree of the Nonferrous Metal Industry Promotion Act], amended by Presidential Decree No. 7743, Aug. 20, 1975 (S. Kor.). Jeonjagong-eopjinheungbeopsihaengryung [Enforcement Decree of the Electronics Industry Promotion
      Act], amended by Presidential Decree No. 8272, Nov. 5, 1976 (S. Kor.). Joseon-gong-eopjinheungbeop [Shipbuilding Industry Promotion Act], amended by Act. No. 3339, Dec. 31, 1980 (S. Kor.). Joseon-gong-eopjinheungbeopsihaenggyuchik, amended by Decree by
      the Ministry of Commerce No. 411, Dec. 8, 1975 (S. Kor.). Seokyuhwahakgong-eopyukseongbeopsihaengryung [Enforcement Decree of the Petrochemical Industry Promotion Act], amended by Presidential Decree No. 10331, June 5, 1981 (S. Kor.).
120
                                                  T ABLE A.2
      J APANESE T ARGETING (1950 S ) V. S OUTH K OREAN H EAVY-C HEMICAL I NDUSTRY T ARGETING (1970 S )

        Sector              Korea 1970s      Japan 1950s     Japan Industrial Policy

        Electric Power                       X               1956.1 “Electric Power Six-Year Plan” Electric Power Development Coordination Council

        Steel               X                X               1956.5 “Long-Term Twenty-Year Plan of Supply and Demand of Steel” Ministry of International Trade and Industry

        Petrochemistry      X                X               1955.7 “Support Measures to Petrochemistry” Ministry of International Trade and Industry
                                                             1956.2 “Handling on Petrochemical Corporatization Plan” Ministry of International Trade and Industry

        Synthetic Fabric    X                X               1955.6 “Support Measures to Synthetic Resin Industry” Ministry of International Trade and Industry
                                                             1955.8 Foundation of Fiber Industry Council
                                                             1955.9 “Fiber Six-Year Plan” Fiber Industry Council
                                                             1956.2 “Report on Support to Synthetic Fiber” Fiber Industry Council

        Machinery           X                X               1955.11 Foundation of Machinery Committee at Industrial Rationalization Council
                                                             1956.5 Act on Temporary Measures concerning the Promotion of Machinery Industry

           Notes.    This table shows a comparison of broad sectors targeted by South Korea’s HCI and the sectors targeted by earlier Japanese industrial policies. Table compares
        major sectoral legislation and industrial policy action from HCI to the tables and legislation presented by Ozaki (1998) and Yoshioka and Kawasaki (2016). Japanese
        sectoral targeting corresponds to Japanese Five-Year Plan for Economic Self-Support and Industrial Policy.
121
                           T ABLE A.3
D IFFERENCES IN T RADE P OLICY BY T REATMENT S TATUS, 1968 O NLY

                       Outcomes: (log) Levels of Output Protection

                           Tariff Rate              QRs Coverage

                         (1)          (2)          (3)           (4)

       Targeted      -0.466***     -0.482***     -0.179**     -0.179**
                       (0.128)      (0.133)      (0.068)       (0.068)
     Sample          1968 Only    1968 Only     1968 Only    1968 Only
     Weighted         Regular      Weighted      Regular     Weighted
     R2                0.133         0.134        0.063        0.062
     Observations        87           87            87           87

        Notes.
      This table shows the cross-sectional relationship between trade
     policy and HCI targeting for the year 1968, the period of trade
     policy before the intervention. All regressions are at the 4-digit
     SITC level. The first set of columns report results for regressions
     in levels. The second set of columns reports differences outcomes.
     Columns (1-2) report estimates for tariffs. Columns (3-4) reports
     estimates for quantitative restriction coverage (QR). * Significant
     at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. ***
     Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                    122
                                                          T ABLE B.1
                      R OBUSTNESS : I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND I NDUSTRIAL O UTPUT BY T REATMENT S TATUS

                                                         Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970 - 1986)                                     Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967 - 1986)
                                               Value Shipped             Gross Output             Value Added              Value Shipped             Gross Output              Value Added

                                              (1)          (2)          (3)         (4)          (5)          (6)         (7)          (8)          (9)         (10)         (11)        (12)

      Targeted × 1967                                                                                                    -0.169       -0.111       -0.178     -0.136        -0.213       -0.143
                                                                                                                        (0.293)      (0.238)      (0.291)     (0.233)      (0.288)      (0.234)
      Targeted × 1968                                                                                                    -0.057       -0.016       -0.049     -0.007        -0.101       -0.039
                                                                                                                        (0.280)      (0.221)      (0.280)     (0.220)      (0.276)      (0.216)
      Targeted × 1969                                                                                                    -0.087       -0.032       -0.068     -0.012        -0.084       -0.016
                                                                                                                        (0.275)      (0.220)      (0.274)     (0.218)      (0.271)      (0.222)
      Targeted × 1970                        0.141        0.150        0.298       0.288        0.246        0.223        0.003       -0.095        0.190      0.131         0.217        0.161
                                            (0.162)      (0.198)      (0.199)     (0.236)      (0.180)      (0.214)     (0.229)      (0.198)      (0.210)     (0.174)      (0.186)      (0.158)
      Targeted × 1971                        0.024        0.001        0.194       0.174        0.132        0.119       -0.072       -0.070        0.125      0.085         0.100        0.082
                                            (0.165)      (0.204)      (0.174)     (0.213)      (0.152)      (0.185)     (0.193)      (0.179)      (0.200)     (0.169)      (0.169)      (0.143)
      Targeted × 1973                      0.459***     0.474**      0.473***    0.482**      0.504***     0.550***       0.261        0.135        0.225      0.092       0.319*         0.219
                                            (0.172)      (0.193)      (0.175)     (0.202)      (0.176)      (0.191)     (0.173)      (0.135)      (0.178)     (0.142)      (0.169)      (0.132)
      Targeted × 1974                      0.523***     0.632***     0.473***    0.576***     0.434***     0.515***       0.178        0.107        0.239      0.178         0.122        0.053
                                            (0.161)      (0.184)      (0.154)     (0.175)      (0.146)      (0.166)     (0.159)      (0.126)      (0.183)     (0.163)      (0.156)      (0.128)
      Targeted × 1975                      0.706**       0.406*      0.736**      0.428*      0.614**        0.349      0.464*         0.156      0.459*       0.151         0.302        0.016
                                            (0.326)      (0.245)      (0.331)     (0.247)      (0.299)      (0.227)     (0.262)      (0.189)      (0.263)     (0.189)      (0.248)      (0.188)
123




      Targeted × 1976                      0.839**       0.477*      0.840**      0.474*      0.764**       0.438*      0.676*         0.373      0.676*       0.373       0.578*         0.294
                                            (0.371)      (0.281)      (0.372)     (0.281)      (0.335)      (0.255)     (0.375)      (0.290)      (0.374)     (0.289)      (0.338)      (0.262)
      Targeted × 1977                      1.151***     0.720***     1.154***    0.724***     1.015***     0.619***    1.093***     0.565**      1.095***    0.566**      0.946***     0.454**
                                            (0.376)      (0.250)      (0.376)     (0.249)      (0.339)      (0.221)     (0.395)      (0.255)      (0.395)     (0.254)      (0.358)      (0.225)
      Targeted × 1978                      1.198***     0.834***     1.220***    0.850***     1.066***     0.734***    1.226***     0.692**      1.236***    0.703**      1.059***     0.570**
                                            (0.374)      (0.254)      (0.375)     (0.253)      (0.345)      (0.234)     (0.404)      (0.268)      (0.404)     (0.268)      (0.369)      (0.247)
      Targeted × 1979                      1.437***     1.142***     1.439***    1.142***     1.239***     0.957***    1.297***     0.786***     1.301***    0.785***     1.118***     0.610**
                                            (0.391)      (0.270)      (0.391)     (0.269)      (0.354)      (0.240)     (0.401)      (0.270)      (0.403)     (0.270)      (0.369)      (0.242)
      Targeted × 1980                      1.308***     0.985***     1.327***    1.006***     1.199***     0.899***    1.294***     0.724***     1.339***    0.749***     1.236***     0.658***
                                            (0.380)      (0.251)      (0.380)     (0.251)      (0.346)      (0.232)     (0.407)      (0.269)      (0.409)     (0.273)      (0.376)      (0.244)
      Targeted × 1981                      1.266***     0.999***     1.266***    0.999***     1.153***     0.917***    1.345***     0.779***     1.340***    0.777***     1.183***     0.650**
                                            (0.376)      (0.246)      (0.377)     (0.246)      (0.342)      (0.225)     (0.414)      (0.289)      (0.414)     (0.289)      (0.378)      (0.266)
      Targeted × 1982                      1.281***     0.936***     1.290***    0.949***     1.177***     0.848***    1.503***     0.848***     1.500***    0.847***     1.395***     0.746***
                                            (0.389)      (0.260)      (0.390)     (0.263)      (0.357)      (0.240)     (0.464)      (0.297)      (0.463)     (0.297)      (0.441)      (0.275)
      Targeted × 1983                      1.204***     1.035***     1.203***    1.034***     1.090***     0.910***    1.148***     0.917***     1.146***    0.914***     1.068***     0.815***
                                            (0.383)      (0.280)      (0.385)     (0.281)      (0.356)      (0.270)     (0.381)      (0.284)      (0.381)     (0.285)      (0.367)      (0.264)
      Targeted × 1984                      1.491***     1.039***     1.494***    1.039***     1.391***     0.950***    1.249***     0.989***     1.256***    0.995***     1.197***     0.914***
                                            (0.382)      (0.271)      (0.383)     (0.271)      (0.356)      (0.259)     (0.392)      (0.290)      (0.393)     (0.291)      (0.376)      (0.268)
      Targeted × 1985                      1.403***     1.097***     1.399***    1.093***     1.288***     0.992***    1.083***     0.900***     1.072***    0.894***     0.988**      0.784***
                                            (0.413)      (0.323)      (0.414)     (0.323)      (0.385)      (0.309)     (0.391)      (0.313)      (0.391)     (0.313)      (0.377)      (0.291)
      Targeted × 1986                      1.504***     1.250***     1.502***    1.242***     1.401***     1.137***    1.096***     0.889***     1.093***    0.889***     1.010**      0.793***
                                            (0.410)      (0.306)      (0.411)     (0.307)      (0.382)      (0.295)     (0.408)      (0.317)      (0.409)     (0.317)      (0.397)      (0.299)
      Industry Effects                        Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes        Yes           Yes          Yes
      Year Effects                            Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes          Yes        Yes           Yes          Yes
      Controls                                No           Yes          No          Yes          No           Yes          No           Yes          No         Yes           No           Yes
      R2                                     0.272        0.313        0.274       0.314        0.272        0.326        0.432       0.525         0.429      0.523        0.448         0.552
      Observations                           4721         4046         4721        4046         4720         4045         1751         1711         1751       1711          1750         1710
      Clusters                                278          238          278         238          278          238          88           86            88         86           88            86
      Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)       0.759        0.575        2.248       1.492        1.867        1.089       0.124        0.028         0.441      0.289        0.656         0.401
      Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)     0.384        0.449        0.135       0.223        0.173        0.298       0.726        0.868         0.509      0.592        0.420         0.528

         Notes.     The table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between heavy and chemical industry drive and log industrial output. This robustnesss
      table reports estimates for three different measures of output: real value shipped, real gross output, and real value added.. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. Speci-
      fications with controls include pre-1973 industry (log) averages: avg. wages, avg. plant size, intermediate input costs, and labor productivity, interacted with time. Standard errors are
      clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.
                                                             T ABLE B.2
      R OBUSTNESS : I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND I NDUSTRIAL D EVELOPMENT BY T REATMENT S TATUS, M ULTIPLE M EASURES OF O UTPUT

                                                                            Panel A) 5-Digit Panel, 1970 - 1986                                                                         Panel B) 4-Digit Panel, 1967 - 1986
                                               Output                       Labor        Average                                         Employment         Output                       Labor        Average                                       Employment
                                                              Prices                                    Plants       Employment                                            Prices                                   Plants       Employment
                                               Share                       Product.       Size                                             Share            Share                       Product.       Size                                           Share

                                                  (1)           (2)           (3)            (4)          (5)              (6)                 (7)             (8)           (9)           (10)          (11)         (12)            (13)                (14)

           Targeted × 1967                                                                                                                                    -0.038       0.044          0.007          0.012       -0.057          -0.052              -0.020
                                                                                                                                                             (0.049)      (0.035)        (0.114)        (0.140)      (0.131)         (0.186)             (0.043)
           Targeted × 1968                                                                                                                                    0.014        0.056*         0.031          0.085       -0.046           0.037               0.000
                                                                                                                                                             (0.038)      (0.029)        (0.087)        (0.136)      (0.114)         (0.171)             (0.037)
           Targeted × 1969                                                                                                                                    0.026        0.045*         0.149         -0.011       -0.022          -0.036              -0.016
                                                                                                                                                             (0.033)      (0.024)        (0.093)        (0.129)      (0.110)         (0.170)             (0.035)
           Targeted × 1970                       -0.017     0.069***         -0.009         0.063        0.085            0.150                0.013          -0.113     0.060***         0.061          0.045        0.086           0.122               0.032
                                                (0.028)       (0.011)       (0.089)        (0.124)      (0.064)          (0.157)             (0.017)         (0.072)      (0.018)        (0.082)        (0.095)      (0.072)         (0.147)             (0.034)
           Targeted × 1971                       -0.006     0.029***         -0.027         0.026        0.027            0.049               -0.002          -0.015      0.039**         -0.025         0.142        0.031           0.167               0.015
                                                (0.013)       (0.009)       (0.071)        (0.119)      (0.055)          (0.155)             (0.018)         (0.026)      (0.016)        (0.056)        (0.127)      (0.058)         (0.163)             (0.030)
           Targeted × 1973                       0.011         0.002         0.144        0.294***       0.071          0.347***            0.026**           0.022        -0.019         0.061          0.087        0.048           0.133              0.036*
                                                (0.014)       (0.010)       (0.091)        (0.100)      (0.046)          (0.123)             (0.012)         (0.023)      (0.016)        (0.073)        (0.092)      (0.057)         (0.121)             (0.020)
           Targeted × 1974                     0.040**         0.013         0.043        0.238**      0.183***         0.425***            0.045***         0.071*        0.007          0.022         -0.071        0.069           0.011              0.046*
                                                (0.017)       (0.018)       (0.078)        (0.094)      (0.052)          (0.120)             (0.015)         (0.037)      (0.023)        (0.085)        (0.074)      (0.047)         (0.075)             (0.025)
           Targeted × 1975                       0.032         0.019         -0.043         0.105      0.242***         0.350**             0.051**           -0.003       0.035          -0.079        -0.060        0.175           0.114               0.025
124




                                                (0.020)       (0.019)       (0.099)        (0.121)      (0.093)          (0.177)             (0.022)         (0.050)      (0.027)        (0.087)        (0.097)      (0.132)         (0.180)             (0.038)
           Targeted × 1976                     0.055**         -0.002        0.049          0.137       0.184*            0.317             0.064***          0.022        0.007          0.116          0.035        0.138           0.163               0.043
                                                (0.023)       (0.022)       (0.099)        (0.128)      (0.106)          (0.196)             (0.024)         (0.058)      (0.030)        (0.081)        (0.112)      (0.162)         (0.212)             (0.043)
           Targeted × 1977                     0.071***      -0.056**        0.120         0.213*      0.226**          0.433**             0.077***          0.057        -0.043        0.155*          0.079        0.197           0.269               0.064
                                                (0.025)       (0.023)       (0.096)        (0.122)      (0.109)          (0.173)             (0.025)         (0.061)      (0.032)        (0.078)        (0.110)      (0.172)         (0.194)             (0.046)
           Targeted × 1978                     0.100***     -0.071***       0.178*        0.228**      0.243**          0.478***            0.097***          0.092       -0.062*       0.207**          0.117        0.200           0.319              0.104*
                                                (0.027)       (0.024)       (0.104)        (0.115)      (0.117)          (0.176)             (0.028)         (0.061)      (0.036)        (0.084)        (0.115)      (0.190)         (0.224)             (0.053)
           Targeted × 1979                     0.121***     -0.110***      0.222**        0.311**      0.344***         0.670***            0.105***         0.122**     -0.113***      0.215***         0.074        0.277           0.347              0.111*
                                                (0.027)       (0.025)       (0.101)        (0.124)      (0.116)          (0.181)             (0.029)         (0.061)      (0.037)        (0.080)        (0.132)      (0.188)         (0.213)             (0.057)
           Targeted × 1980                     0.123***     -0.161***      0.213**         0.222*      0.360***         0.603***            0.103***         0.142**     -0.165***      0.280***         0.080        0.265           0.336             0.111**
                                                (0.029)       (0.027)       (0.098)        (0.120)      (0.120)          (0.186)             (0.029)         (0.066)      (0.040)        (0.086)        (0.108)      (0.190)         (0.218)             (0.054)
           Targeted × 1981                     0.136***     -0.176***      0.235**          0.169      0.395***         0.586***            0.102***         0.164**     -0.173***      0.257***         0.078        0.263           0.336              0.109*
                                                (0.032)       (0.029)       (0.095)        (0.113)      (0.121)          (0.179)             (0.029)         (0.076)      (0.041)        (0.093)        (0.121)      (0.192)         (0.215)             (0.056)
           Targeted × 1982                     0.139***     -0.150***       0.187*          0.136      0.405***         0.573***            0.105***         0.177**     -0.168***      0.310***         0.080        0.295           0.374              0.111*
                                                (0.034)       (0.029)       (0.096)        (0.117)      (0.128)          (0.193)             (0.029)         (0.081)      (0.041)        (0.094)        (0.127)      (0.202)         (0.246)             (0.058)
           Targeted × 1983                     0.144***     -0.139***      0.267***         0.101      0.422***         0.542**             0.108***         0.194**     -0.171***      0.370***         0.131        0.243           0.372             0.136**
                                                (0.035)       (0.029)       (0.086)        (0.127)      (0.146)          (0.227)             (0.031)         (0.082)      (0.043)        (0.087)        (0.131)      (0.206)         (0.260)             (0.058)
           Targeted × 1984                     0.154***     -0.163***      0.280***         0.121      0.427***         0.566**             0.120***         0.201**     -0.194***      0.403***         0.178        0.261          0.436*             0.154**
                                                (0.036)       (0.029)       (0.081)        (0.127)      (0.151)          (0.219)             (0.032)         (0.082)      (0.042)        (0.097)        (0.137)      (0.216)         (0.259)             (0.059)
           Targeted × 1985                     0.160***     -0.175***      0.271***         0.163      0.422***         0.620**             0.127***         0.205**     -0.199***      0.316***         0.130        0.272           0.398             0.162***
                                                (0.038)       (0.029)       (0.095)        (0.135)      (0.161)          (0.246)             (0.032)         (0.082)      (0.042)        (0.091)        (0.122)      (0.219)         (0.274)             (0.059)
           Targeted × 1986                     0.162***     -0.196***      0.323***         0.194      0.495***         0.713***            0.132***         0.201**     -0.223***      0.303***         0.120        0.305           0.422             0.170***
                                                (0.039)       (0.029)       (0.091)        (0.130)      (0.162)          (0.241)             (0.033)         (0.082)      (0.043)        (0.091)        (0.125)      (0.223)         (0.283)             (0.059)
         Industry Effects                          Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes          Yes              Yes                  Yes             Yes          Yes            Yes           Yes          Yes             Yes                 Yes
         Year Effects                              Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes          Yes              Yes                  Yes             Yes          Yes            Yes           Yes          Yes             Yes                 Yes
         Controls                                  Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes          Yes              Yes                  Yes             Yes          Yes            Yes           Yes          Yes             Yes                 Yes
         R2                                      0.896         0.975         0.773         0.742         0.879            0.805              0.901            0.897        0.984          0.872         0.826        0.887            0.830              0.928
         Observations                            4046          4046          4041          4046          4046             4046               4046             1711         1711           1711          1720         1720             1720               1720
         Clusters                                 238           238           238           238           238              238                238              86            86             86           86           86                86                 86
         Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)        0.224        25.463         0.090         0.143         1.016            0.583              0.759            1.253        2.795          1.283         1.151        0.496            1.000              1.000
         Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)      0.799        0.000          0.914         0.867         0.364            0.559              0.469            0.292        0.022          0.279         0.340        0.778            0.423              0.423

            Notes.      The table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between heavy and chemical industry drive and (log) industrial outcomes. Output share is the industry share of manufacturing output. Prices are output
         prices. Labor Productivity is value added per worker. Number of Plants is the count of establishments. Employment is total number of industry workers. Labor (output) Share is the industry’s share of manufacturing employment (output). Estimates
         are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. Specifications with controls include pre-1973 industry (log) averages: avg. wages, avg. plant size, intermediate input costs, and labor productivity, interacted with time. Standard errors are clustered at the
         industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.
                             T ABLE C.1
I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND E XPORT D EVELOPMENT BY T REATMENT S TATUS

                                                                        Outcomes: Export development

                                                                             Relative Export      Prob. of
                                           RCA (Balassa)      RCA (log)                                           Export Share (log)
                                                                              Prod. (CDK)        Comp. Adv.

                                                 (1)              (2)              (3)                (4)                 (5)

        Targeted × 1965                         0.033             0.088         0.064**            0.080**               0.000
                                               (0.355)          (0.061)          (0.030)            (0.035)             (0.020)
        Targeted × 1966                         0.096             0.060           0.039             0.063*              -0.004
                                               (0.321)          (0.057)          (0.029)            (0.033)             (0.018)
        Targeted × 1967                        -0.135             0.047          0.050*              0.054              -0.013
                                               (0.291)          (0.054)          (0.028)            (0.034)             (0.017)
        Targeted × 1968                        -0.045             0.060           0.044            0.073**              -0.004
                                               (0.278)          (0.050)          (0.027)            (0.030)             (0.014)
        Targeted × 1969                        -0.259             0.035           0.029            0.071***              0.005
                                               (0.209)          (0.041)          (0.024)            (0.026)             (0.012)
        Targeted × 1970                        -0.193             0.017           0.029              0.036              -0.002
                                               (0.191)          (0.036)          (0.021)            (0.027)             (0.009)
        Targeted × 1971                        -0.181            -0.003           0.015              0.011             -0.014**
                                               (0.220)          (0.038)          (0.021)            (0.023)             (0.007)
        Targeted × 1973                         0.202            -0.001           0.011              0.018              -0.001
                                               (0.179)          (0.035)          (0.017)            (0.024)             (0.007)
        Targeted × 1974                       0.519***            0.080          0.036*            0.129***            0.032***
                                               (0.199)          (0.050)          (0.020)            (0.035)             (0.012)
        Targeted × 1975                         0.316             0.011           -0.003           0.062**               0.008
                                               (0.211)          (0.048)          (0.019)            (0.031)             (0.014)
        Targeted × 1976                        0.366*             0.038           0.014            0.065**               0.020
                                               (0.213)          (0.051)          (0.019)            (0.031)             (0.014)
        Targeted × 1977                       0.650***            0.095           0.024            0.075**               0.025
                                               (0.251)          (0.059)          (0.019)            (0.034)             (0.017)
        Targeted × 1978                       0.724***          0.099*            0.025             0.068*              0.032*
                                               (0.259)          (0.056)          (0.020)            (0.035)             (0.016)
        Targeted × 1979                       0.804***         0.135**          0.060***           0.087**             0.045***
                                               (0.255)          (0.061)          (0.021)            (0.039)             (0.016)
        Targeted × 1980                       0.825***         0.129**           0.037*            0.079**             0.052***
                                               (0.258)          (0.064)          (0.022)            (0.039)             (0.017)
        Targeted × 1981                       0.934***         0.146**          0.062***             0.062             0.060***
                                               (0.266)          (0.065)          (0.021)            (0.040)             (0.018)
        Targeted × 1982                       1.134***         0.216***         0.076***           0.098**             0.074***
                                               (0.271)          (0.070)          (0.021)            (0.042)             (0.019)
        Targeted × 1983                       1.291***         0.259***         0.104***           0.148***            0.085***
                                               (0.283)          (0.072)          (0.025)            (0.041)             (0.022)
        Targeted × 1984                       1.314***         0.287***         0.100***           0.146***            0.078***
                                               (0.270)          (0.071)          (0.024)            (0.042)             (0.019)
        Targeted × 1985                       1.278***         0.303***         0.106***           0.177***            0.082***
                                               (0.271)          (0.068)          (0.024)            (0.043)             (0.020)
        Targeted × 1986                       1.260***         0.287***         0.101***           0.144***            0.085***
                                               (0.275)          (0.070)          (0.023)            (0.043)             (0.022)
    Industry Effects                             Yes               Yes              Yes               Yes                 Yes
    Year Effects                                 Yes               Yes              Yes               Yes                 Yes
    Controls                                     Yes               Yes              Yes               Yes                 Yes
    R2                                          0.605             0.684            0.639             0.563               0.726
    Observations                                11352            11374             7796              11396               11396
    Clusters                                     516               517              464               518                 518
    Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)            4.737             0.439            0.795             1.596               1.633
    Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)          0.692             0.878            0.591             0.134               0.124

       Notes.     The table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between heavy and chemical
    industry drive and trade development outcomes. Revealed export productivity are the CDK measure. RCA is revealed compar-
    ative advantage; the classic Balassa index is shown alongside log and asinh-transformed RCA measures. Log export shares
    also shown. ’Dummy’ is an indicator equal to one if an industry has realized RCA (RCA>1). Trade values reflect real values
    (2010 base). PPML used to for RCA estimates, OLS used for all others.. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI.
    Specifications with controls include pre-1973 industry (log) averages: avg. wages, avg. plant size, intermediate input costs, and
    labor productivity, interacted with time. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent
    level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                                125
                                                     T ABLE C.2
        C ROSS -C OUNTRY E STIMATES (T RIPLE D IFFERENCES ): I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND E XPORT D EVELOPMENT

                                                                                                 Outcomes: Export Development

                                                Relative Export                        Probability of
                                                                                                                                   RCA (Balassa)                             RCA (log)
                                               Productivity (CDK)                  Comparative Advantage
                                         (1)           (2)          (3)           (4)          (5)           (6)           (7)           (8)          (9)          (10)          (11)          (12)


      Targ. X 1965 X Korea               0.015         0.016     0.032***     0.041***      0.041***      0.041***      0.170**       0.170**       0.298**      0.024**       0.024**       0.024**
                                       (0.010)       (0.011)      (0.011)       (0.005)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.082)        (0.074)      (0.120)       (0.010)       (0.010)       (0.010)
      Targ. X 1966 X Korea           -0.062***      -0.064***      -0.006     0.016***      0.016***      0.016***      0.192**       0.192***     0.398***        0.006         0.006          0.006
                                       (0.009)       (0.011)      (0.011)       (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.075)        (0.072)      (0.113)       (0.010)       (0.009)       (0.009)
      Targ. X 1967 X Korea            0.023***       0.020**     0.028***        0.006          0.006        0.006        0.060         0.060      0.262***        0.014        0.014*        0.014*
                                       (0.008)       (0.009)      (0.010)       (0.006)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.081)        (0.060)      (0.095)       (0.010)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1968 X Korea              -0.006        -0.010      0.019**     0.040***      0.040***      0.040***        0.060         0.060         0.133        0.014        0.014*        0.014*
                                       (0.007)       (0.008)      (0.008)       (0.004)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.078)        (0.051)      (0.087)       (0.009)       (0.007)       (0.007)
      Targ. X 1969 X Korea           -0.024***      -0.028***       0.005     0.018***      0.018***      0.018***       -0.018         -0.018      0.139*         0.001         0.001          0.001
                                       (0.007)       (0.008)      (0.008)       (0.006)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.079)        (0.051)      (0.081)       (0.010)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1970 X Korea           -0.022***      -0.027***     0.011*         0.004          0.004        0.004      -0.105*      -0.105***       -0.073        0.006         0.006          0.006
                                       (0.006)       (0.008)      (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.061)        (0.037)      (0.061)       (0.008)       (0.006)       (0.006)
      Targ. X 1971 X Korea              -0.004        -0.009        0.008      -0.009**      -0.009**      -0.009**       0.026         0.026         0.084       -0.006        -0.006         -0.006
                                       (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.006)       (0.004)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.069)        (0.050)      (0.062)       (0.010)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1973 X Korea            0.022***      0.021***      0.012**       -0.005         -0.005       -0.005        0.055         0.055         0.038     -0.025***     -0.025***     -0.025***
126




                                       (0.008)       (0.007)      (0.005)       (0.005)       (0.003)       (0.003)     (0.049)        (0.037)      (0.049)       (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)
      Targ. X 1974 X Korea            0.046***      0.046***     0.030***     0.097***      0.097***      0.097***     0.422***       0.422***     0.348***     0.079***       0.079***      0.079***
                                       (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.057)        (0.047)      (0.066)       (0.009)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1975 X Korea            0.017**         0.013*        0.001     0.029***      0.029***      0.029***      0.129**       0.129**         0.051       -0.007        -0.007         -0.007
                                       (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.054)        (0.051)      (0.069)       (0.009)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1976 X Korea            0.027***      0.029***     0.022***     0.046***      0.046***      0.046***     0.289***       0.289***      0.176**     0.063***       0.063***      0.063***
                                       (0.007)       (0.006)      (0.006)       (0.007)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.057)        (0.041)      (0.077)       (0.009)       (0.007)       (0.007)
      Targ. X 1977 X Korea            0.056***      0.058***     0.022***     0.047***      0.047***      0.047***     0.442***       0.442***     0.400***     0.089***       0.089***      0.089***
                                       (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.004)       (0.004)     (0.064)        (0.047)      (0.090)       (0.009)       (0.008)       (0.008)
      Targ. X 1978 X Korea            0.033***      0.032***     0.018***     0.051***      0.051***      0.051***     0.495***       0.495***     0.392***     0.093***       0.093***      0.093***
                                       (0.004)       (0.006)      (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.076)        (0.053)      (0.104)       (0.010)       (0.009)       (0.009)
      Targ. X 1979 X Korea            0.069***      0.068***     0.055***     0.059***      0.059***      0.059***     0.649***       0.649***     0.471***     0.149***       0.149***      0.149***
                                       (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.006)       (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.059)        (0.054)      (0.099)       (0.011)       (0.009)       (0.009)
      Targ. X 1980 X Korea            0.066***      0.065***     0.049***     0.078***      0.078***      0.078***     0.646***       0.646***     0.505***     0.160***       0.160***      0.160***
                                       (0.006)       (0.007)      (0.006)       (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.066)        (0.057)      (0.104)       (0.011)       (0.010)       (0.010)
      Targ. X 1981 X Korea            0.091***      0.095***     0.071***     0.071***      0.071***      0.071***     0.817***       0.817***     0.619***     0.182***       0.182***      0.182***
                                       (0.006)       (0.007)      (0.006)       (0.006)       (0.005)       (0.005)     (0.065)        (0.062)      (0.114)       (0.010)       (0.010)       (0.010)
      Targ. X 1982 X Korea            0.090***      0.093***     0.078***     0.091***      0.091***      0.091***     0.850***       0.850***     0.644***     0.209***       0.209***      0.209***
                                       (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.072)        (0.063)      (0.113)       (0.011)       (0.010)       (0.010)
      Targ. X 1983 X Korea            0.120***      0.123***     0.097***     0.105***      0.105***      0.105***     0.878***       0.878***     0.679***     0.222***       0.222***      0.222***
                                       (0.010)       (0.010)      (0.008)       (0.008)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.092)        (0.081)      (0.118)       (0.014)       (0.011)       (0.011)
      Targ. X 1984 X Korea            0.100***      0.104***     0.083***     0.127***      0.127***      0.127***     0.991***       0.991***     0.784***     0.262***       0.262***      0.262***
                                       (0.008)       (0.009)      (0.008)       (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.080)        (0.070)      (0.121)       (0.012)       (0.011)       (0.011)
      Targ. X 1985 X Korea            0.123***      0.124***     0.103***     0.149***      0.149***      0.149***     0.942***       0.942***     0.769***     0.272***       0.272***      0.272***
                                       (0.007)       (0.008)      (0.008)       (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.077)        (0.068)      (0.118)       (0.011)       (0.011)       (0.011)
      Targ. X 1986 X Korea            0.128***      0.129***     0.100***     0.123***      0.123***      0.123***     0.883***       0.883***     0.697***     0.255***       0.255***      0.255***
                                       (0.007)       (0.008)      (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.082)        (0.067)      (0.115)       (0.011)       (0.011)       (0.011)
      Targ. X 1987 X Korea            0.138***      0.139***     0.103***     0.142***      0.142***      0.142***     0.861***       0.861***     0.686***     0.253***       0.253***      0.253***
                                       (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.007)       (0.007)       (0.006)       (0.006)     (0.075)        (0.061)      (0.113)       (0.011)       (0.010)       (0.010)
      R2                                 0.130        0.124         0.730        0.120         0.138         0.567        0.196         0.173        0.664         0.143         0.169         0.648
      Observations                     466790        466721       460881      1897500       1897500       1897500      1868750        1254404       964334       1897500       1897500       1897500
      Clusters (Country-Product)     130 x 625      130 x 625    128 x 623    132 x 625     132 x 625     132 x 625    130 x 625     130 x 625     129 x 625    132 x 625     132 x 625     132 x 625

         Notes.    This table reports triple difference estimates (DDD) for the impact of Korean HCI drive using SITC-level trade data. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy
      intervention. RCA (Balassa) specifications are estimated using PPML. Alternatively, transformed RCAs and relative export productivity (CDK) specifications are estimated using OLS. For
      each outcome, the first regression column includes Industry, Country, and Year fixed effects. The second column for each outcome includes Country-Year and Industry-Year fixed effects. The
      third column for each outcome includes Country-Year, Industry-Year, and Industry-Country fixed effects. Standard errors are clustered at the industry and country level. * Significant at the
      10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.
                                    T ABLE C.3
    C ROSS -C OUNTRY E STIMATES (D IFFERENCES - IN -D IFFERENCES ): I NDUSTRIAL
                        P OLICY ON E XPORT D EVELOPMENT
                                                                                               Outcomes: Export Development

                                               Relative Export                       Probability of
                                                                                                                                 RCA (Balassa)                            RCA (log)
                                              Productivity (CDK)                 Comparative Advantage

                                        (1)           (2)          (3)          (4)          (5)           (6)          (7)           (8)           (9)         (10)         (11)          (12)


1965 X Korea                         0.051***      0.048***     0.043***       0.006         0.006        0.006       0.378***     0.378***      0.378***    -0.032***     -0.032***    -0.032***
                                      (0.006)       (0.005)      (0.006)      (0.005)       (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.103)      (0.103)       (0.103)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1966 X Korea                           0.007          0.007     0.026***    -0.015***     -0.015***    -0.015***      0.368***     0.368***      0.368***    -0.044***     -0.044***    -0.044***
                                      (0.007)       (0.005)      (0.006)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.090)      (0.090)       (0.090)      (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.008)
1967 X Korea                         0.041***      0.044***     0.028***    -0.022***     -0.022***    -0.022***        0.121         0.121         0.121    -0.053***     -0.053***    -0.053***
                                      (0.006)       (0.004)      (0.005)      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.074)      (0.074)       (0.074)      (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.008)
1968 X Korea                         0.016***      0.014***     0.024***    -0.033***     -0.033***    -0.033***        -0.047       -0.047        -0.047    -0.094***     -0.094***    -0.094***
                                      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.005)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.062)      (0.062)       (0.062)      (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.007)
1969 X Korea                           0.006       0.011***     0.010***    -0.037***     -0.037***    -0.037***        -0.033       -0.033        -0.033    -0.072***     -0.072***    -0.072***
                                      (0.005)       (0.003)      (0.004)      (0.002)       (0.002)      (0.002)       (0.065)      (0.065)       (0.065)      (0.006)       (0.006)      (0.006)
1970 X Korea                           0.003          0.003     0.011***    -0.035***     -0.035***    -0.035***     -0.341***     -0.341***     -0.341***   -0.083***     -0.083***    -0.083***
                                      (0.004)       (0.003)      (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.059)      (0.059)       (0.059)      (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.007)
1971 X Korea                         0.010**       0.015***     0.017***    -0.022***     -0.022***    -0.022***        0.039         0.039         0.039    -0.040***     -0.040***    -0.040***
                                      (0.005)       (0.002)      (0.002)      (0.005)       (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.088)      (0.088)       (0.088)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1973 X Korea                           0.004         0.005*     0.009***     0.015***      0.015***     0.015***      0.127**       0.127**       0.127**     0.033***      0.033***     0.033***
                                      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.056)      (0.056)       (0.056)      (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.007)
1974 X Korea                           0.003          0.002     0.009***     0.125***      0.125***     0.125***      0.572***     0.572***      0.572***     0.196***      0.196***     0.196***
                                      (0.004)       (0.003)      (0.003)      (0.005)       (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.082)      (0.082)       (0.082)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1975 X Korea                          -0.008*      -0.009***      0.001      0.058***      0.058***     0.058***      0.292***     0.292***      0.292***     0.080***      0.080***     0.080***
                                      (0.004)       (0.003)      (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.065)      (0.065)       (0.065)      (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.008)
1976 X Korea                           0.008*         0.005     0.015***     0.055***      0.055***     0.055***      0.217***     0.217***      0.217***     0.093***      0.093***     0.093***
                                      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.065)      (0.065)       (0.065)      (0.009)       (0.009)      (0.009)
1977 X Korea                         0.020***      0.018***     0.027***     0.055***      0.055***     0.055***      0.412***     0.412***      0.412***     0.131***      0.131***     0.131***
                                      (0.004)       (0.003)      (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.003)      (0.003)       (0.062)      (0.062)       (0.062)      (0.008)       (0.008)      (0.008)
1978 X Korea                         0.016***      0.013***     0.029***     0.048***      0.048***     0.048***      0.380***     0.380***      0.380***     0.113***      0.113***     0.113***
                                      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.068)      (0.068)       (0.068)      (0.009)       (0.009)      (0.009)
1979 X Korea                         0.042***      0.038***     0.057***     0.068***      0.068***     0.068***      0.546***     0.546***      0.546***     0.172***      0.172***     0.172***
                                      (0.005)       (0.004)      (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.071)      (0.071)       (0.071)      (0.009)       (0.009)      (0.009)
1980 X Korea                         0.023***      0.021***     0.038***     0.098***      0.098***     0.098***      0.593***     0.593***      0.593***     0.215***      0.215***     0.215***
                                      (0.006)       (0.004)      (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.078)      (0.078)       (0.078)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1981 X Korea                         0.044***      0.037***     0.049***     0.081***      0.081***     0.081***      0.663***     0.663***      0.663***     0.213***      0.213***     0.213***
1982 X Korea                         0.061***      0.054***     0.063***     0.105***      0.105***     0.105***      0.748***     0.748***      0.748***     0.243***      0.243***     0.243***
                                      (0.006)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.006)       (0.006)      (0.006)       (0.088)      (0.088)       (0.088)      (0.012)       (0.012)      (0.012)
1983 X Korea                         0.060***      0.052***     0.066***     0.111***      0.111***     0.111***      0.965***     0.965***      0.965***     0.249***      0.249***     0.249***
                                      (0.007)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.007)       (0.007)      (0.007)       (0.104)      (0.104)       (0.104)      (0.014)       (0.014)      (0.014)
1984 X Korea                         0.044***      0.033***     0.051***     0.123***      0.123***     0.123***      0.846***     0.846***      0.846***     0.247***      0.247***     0.247***
                                      (0.007)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.006)       (0.006)      (0.006)       (0.090)      (0.090)       (0.090)      (0.013)       (0.013)      (0.013)
1985 X Korea                         0.070***      0.060***     0.079***     0.128***      0.128***     0.128***      0.683***     0.683***      0.683***     0.228***      0.228***     0.228***
                                      (0.006)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.004)       (0.004)      (0.004)       (0.081)      (0.081)       (0.081)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1986 X Korea                         0.061***      0.054***     0.063***     0.099***      0.099***     0.099***      0.628***     0.628***      0.628***     0.219***      0.219***     0.219***
                                      (0.006)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.081)      (0.081)       (0.081)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
1987 X Korea                         0.055***      0.047***     0.059***     0.117***      0.117***     0.117***      0.518***     0.518***      0.518***     0.208***      0.208***     0.208***
                                      (0.006)       (0.005)      (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.005)      (0.005)       (0.083)      (0.083)       (0.083)      (0.011)       (0.011)      (0.011)
R2                                     0.001          0.050       0.702        0.004         0.146        0.539         0.010         0.166        0.588        0.006         0.163        0.608
Observations                          137112        137111       135392       552552        552552       552552        552552       539994        381754       552552        552552       552552
Clusters (Product)                      129            128         124          132           132          132            132          129           129         132           132          132
Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)      23.501         55.615      13.527       47.170        47.170       47.170       138.330       138.306       138.306      38.536        38.536       38.536
Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)     0.000          0.000       0.000        0.000         0.000        0.000          0.000        0.000        0.000        0.000         0.000        0.000

  Notes.       This table reports difference-in-difference estimates for the impact of Korean HCI as compared to world HCI industries using SITC-level trade data. Estimates are relative to 1972,
the year before the HCI policy intervention. The RCA (Balassa) specifications are estimated using PPML. Alternatively, transformed RCAs and relative export productivity (CDK) specifications
are estimated using OLS. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before the HCI policy intervention. For each outcome, the first regression column does not include any fixed effects in the
specification. The second column for each outcome includes Country fixed effects. The third column for each outcome includes Industry-Country fixed effects. Standard errors are clustered at the
country-level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                                                            127
                             T ABLE D.1
I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND I NPUT U SE : I NVESTMENT AND I NTERMEDIATES

                                                  Outcomes: Investment and Outlays (log)
                                      Input Outlays    Investment     Capital Stock

                                            (1)             (2)             (3)            (4)         (5)

     Targeted × 1970                       0.202            0.040          -0.190         -0.093      -0.112
                                          (0.178)          (0.091)        (0.224)        (0.065)     (0.137)
     Targeted × 1971                       0.067            -0.019         0.023          -0.052      -0.029
                                          (0.181)          (0.088)        (0.220)        (0.047)     (0.103)
     Targeted × 1973                     0.476***           0.124          0.164          0.041       0.031
                                          (0.169)          (0.077)        (0.198)        (0.058)     (0.024)
     Targeted × 1974                     0.462***           0.069        0.393**          0.011     0.106**
                                          (0.149)          (0.076)        (0.198)        (0.061)     (0.051)
     Targeted × 1975                     0.788**           0.189*          0.425          0.018       0.071
                                          (0.328)          (0.113)        (0.269)        (0.067)     (0.087)
     Targeted × 1976                     0.928**          0.266**         0.563*          0.119       0.163
                                          (0.381)          (0.131)        (0.299)        (0.077)     (0.099)
     Targeted × 1977                     1.198***         0.381***       0.682**          0.063      0.191*
                                          (0.379)          (0.129)        (0.302)        (0.084)     (0.109)
     Targeted × 1978                     1.282***         0.448***       0.944***       0.209***    0.283**
                                          (0.371)          (0.123)        (0.316)        (0.075)     (0.118)
     Targeted × 1979                     1.448***         0.460***       1.043***       0.187**     0.446***
                                          (0.390)          (0.131)        (0.309)        (0.081)     (0.123)
     Targeted × 1980                     1.230***         0.331***       1.163***       0.302***    0.432**
                                          (0.375)          (0.119)        (0.300)        (0.088)     (0.182)
     Targeted × 1981                     1.135***         0.316**        0.624**          0.067     0.379**
                                          (0.371)          (0.129)        (0.302)        (0.075)     (0.183)
     Targeted × 1982                     1.177***         0.322**        0.818**         0.153*     0.485***
                                          (0.383)          (0.127)        (0.319)        (0.081)     (0.140)
     Targeted × 1983                     1.136***         0.339***       0.834**          0.098     0.436**
                                          (0.382)          (0.121)        (0.323)        (0.079)     (0.185)
     Targeted × 1984                     1.364***         0.378***       1.029***         0.140     0.574***
                                          (0.386)          (0.115)        (0.317)        (0.087)     (0.149)
     Targeted × 1985                     1.282***         0.335***       1.046***        0.124*     0.630***
                                          (0.411)          (0.125)        (0.328)        (0.075)     (0.152)
     Targeted × 1986                     1.367***         0.361***       1.060***       0.178**     0.646***
                                          (0.409)          (0.121)        (0.341)        (0.088)     (0.161)
 Industry Effects                           Yes               Yes            Yes            Yes         Yes
 Year Effects                               Yes               Yes            Yes            Yes         Yes
 R2                                        0.783            0.751          0.792          0.596       0.896
 Observations                              4726              4719           4713           4696        4220
 Clusters                                   278               278            278           278         264
 Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)          0.712             0.309          0.517         1.089       0.338
 Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)        0.491             0.734          0.597         0.338       0.713

    Notes.
  The table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between heavy and chem-
 ical industry drive and investment outcomes. All outcomes are logged. Investment is real gross investment.
 Intermediate outlays are real value of intermediate input costs. Capital stock is also shown. Estimates are
 relative to 1972, the year before HCI. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at
 the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                    128
                               T ABLE D.2
I NDUSTRIAL P OLICY AND I NVESTMENT BY A SSET C LASS, HCI VS. N ON -HCI
                               I NDUSTRY

                                                 Outcome: Investment by asset class

                                                     Transport         Buildings and
                                    Machinery                                                Land
                                                     Equipment          Structures

                                         (1)              (2)                 (3)              (4)

               Targeted × 1970         -0.056            -0.124             -0.290           -0.363
                                       (0.224)          (0.190)            (0.272)          (0.373)
               Targeted × 1971         -0.074            -0.037             -0.260           -0.081
                                       (0.205)          (0.168)            (0.295)          (0.341)
               Targeted × 1973          0.130            0.210              -0.132           0.031
                                       (0.195)          (0.179)            (0.272)          (0.327)
               Targeted × 1974         0.368*            0.284              0.035            0.508
                                       (0.193)          (0.196)            (0.247)          (0.340)
               Targeted × 1975          0.276            0.245              0.210            0.216
                                       (0.240)          (0.204)            (0.286)          (0.383)
               Targeted × 1976          0.436            0.300              0.409            0.526
                                       (0.277)          (0.235)            (0.318)          (0.391)
               Targeted × 1977        0.703***         0.585***            0.713**          0.798**
                                       (0.268)          (0.225)            (0.313)          (0.396)
               Targeted × 1978        1.085***          0.553**           0.829***         0.998***
                                       (0.288)          (0.243)            (0.319)          (0.382)
               Targeted × 1979        1.047***         0.669***           0.993***         1.326***
                                       (0.297)          (0.244)            (0.347)          (0.381)
               Targeted × 1980        1.057***          0.497**           0.894***         1.015***
                                       (0.276)          (0.245)            (0.328)          (0.372)
               Targeted × 1981         0.539*           0.416*              0.490           0.976**
                                       (0.276)          (0.241)            (0.318)          (0.379)
               Targeted × 1982        0.774***          0.410*              0.446           0.791**
                                       (0.290)          (0.246)            (0.331)          (0.395)
             Year EF                     Yes              Yes                Yes              Yes
             Industry EF                 Yes              Yes                Yes              Yes
             R2                         0.797            0.787              0.746            0.667
             Observations               3590             3590               3590             3590
             Clusters                    278              278                278              278

                Notes.     The table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the
             relationship between heavy and chemical industry drive and (log) investment across
             asset class. All outcomes are logged. Machine equipment is investment in equipment
             and machinery. Transportation equipment is value of investment in vehicles and
             transportation equipment. Structures are value investment in building and struc-
             tures. Land investment is also shown. Standard errors are clustered at the industry
             level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. ***
             Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                     129
                                    T ABLE E.1
          D IRECT F ORWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND D OWNSTREAM O UTPUT

                                                                    Outcome - Real value added (log)
                                            Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)                 Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                              Full                     Non-HCI                      Full                     Non-HCI
                                             Sample                     Only                       Sample                     Only

                                               (1)                        (2)                        (3)                         (4)

  1967 x Forward Link                                                                              -0.0636                     -1.163
                                                                                                   (0.858)                    (1.526)
  1968 x Forward Link                                                                                0.643                      0.251
                                                                                                   (0.703)                    (1.360)
  1969 x Forward Link                                                                                0.108                    -0.0504
                                                                                                   (0.557)                    (1.040)
  1970 x Forward Link                         -1.175                     -1.594                     -0.306                     -0.422
                                             (0.821)                    (1.025)                    (0.606)                    (0.780)
  1971 x Forward Link                         -1.102                     -0.866                    -0.0856                     -0.260
                                             (0.738)                    (0.865)                    (0.412)                    (0.477)
  1973 x Forward Link                          0.150                      0.326                     0.0787                      0.139
                                             (0.835)                    (1.171)                    (0.285)                    (0.430)
  1974 x Forward Link                       -0.00795                      0.460                      0.680                      0.444
                                             (0.637)                    (0.846)                    (0.489)                    (0.882)
  1975 x Forward Link                          1.592                      2.649                      0.703                      1.256
                                             (1.157)                    (1.734)                    (0.805)                    (1.358)
  1976 x Forward Link                        2.929**                   5.660***                     2.130*                      3.289
                                             (1.306)                    (1.941)                    (1.129)                    (2.047)
  1977 x Forward Link                       3.546***                   5.655***                   2.337**                       3.262
                                             (1.309)                    (2.012)                    (1.133)                    (1.970)
  1978 x Forward Link                        2.826**                   4.168**                    2.520**                      3.345*
                                             (1.284)                    (1.835)                    (1.146)                    (1.926)
  1979 x Forward Link                        3.051**                   4.052**                    2.911**                      3.777*
                                             (1.301)                    (1.705)                    (1.127)                    (1.921)
  1980 x Forward Link                        2.944**                   4.719**                    2.577**                      3.766*
                                             (1.371)                    (2.020)                    (1.109)                    (1.905)
  1981 x Forward Link                        3.169**                   4.539**                    2.716**                      3.986*
                                             (1.282)                    (1.863)                    (1.225)                    (2.048)
  1982 x Forward Link                        3.005**                   4.849***                   2.860**                      3.895*
                                             (1.309)                    (1.861)                    (1.241)                    (1.992)
  1983 x Forward Link                          1.729                   3.795**                    2.546***                     2.251*
                                             (1.189)                    (1.818)                    (0.844)                    (1.135)
  1984 x Forward Link                          1.099                      2.520                   2.700***                    2.435**
                                             (1.250)                    (1.888)                    (0.819)                    (1.021)
  1985 x Forward Link                          1.101                      2.489                   2.478***                    2.181**
                                             (1.263)                    (1.899)                    (0.871)                    (1.051)
  1986 x Forward Link                          1.894                   4.310**                    2.772***                    2.791**
                                             (1.377)                    (2.131)                    (0.983)                    (1.204)
Industry Effects                                Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes
Year Effects                                    Yes                        Yes                        Yes                        Yes
Targeted X Year                                 Yes                        No                         Yes                        No
R2                                             0.778                     0.768                      0.848                      0.822
Observations                                   4720                       2986                       1750                       1096
Clusters                                        278                        176                        88                          55
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)          1.405                      1.358                      1.010                       3.446
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)        0.247                      0.260                      0.417                       0.009
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)          1.670                      6.845                      0.531                       0.992
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)        0.190                      0.001                      0.752                       0.431

   Notes.     This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between forward linkage exposure and real
value added . Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects. Panel A shows estimates
using detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-
1986). ’Full sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sectors
(Targeted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions include controls for both linkage types. Stan-
dard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the
1 percent level.




                                                                      130
                                     T ABLE E.2
           D IRECT F ORWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND D OWNSTREAM P RICES

                                                                       Outcome: Output price (log)
                                           Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)                Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)
                                             Full                     Non-HCI                     Full                     Non-HCI
                                            Sample                     Only                      Sample                     Only

                                               (1)                       (2)                       (3)                        (4)

  1967 × Forward Link                                                                             0.208                    0.574**
                                                                                                 (0.162)                    (0.267)
  1968 × Forward Link                                                                             0.117                       0.258
                                                                                                 (0.112)                    (0.184)
  1969 × Forward Link                                                                            0.0777                       0.131
                                                                                                (0.0747)                    (0.119)
  1970 × Forward Link                        0.103**                     0.129*                  0.0831                      0.0705
                                            (0.0410)                   (0.0754)                 (0.0507)                   (0.0923)
  1971 × Forward Link                        0.0237                      0.0356                 0.0884**                     0.0723
                                            (0.0299)                   (0.0538)                 (0.0440)                   (0.0732)
  1973 × Forward Link                       0.110***                     0.0698                  -0.0127                   0.00929
                                            (0.0385)                   (0.0629)                 (0.0483)                   (0.0713)
  1974 × Forward Link                       0.00531                     -0.0953                  0.0280                       0.119
                                            (0.0695)                    (0.109)                 (0.0977)                    (0.155)
  1975 × Forward Link                         -0.137                   -0.271**                   -0.116                    -0.0205
                                            (0.0899)                    (0.135)                  (0.136)                    (0.208)
  1976 × Forward Link                      -0.301***                  -0.418***                  -0.254*                     -0.154
                                             (0.102)                    (0.139)                  (0.149)                    (0.210)
  1977 × Forward Link                      -0.384***                  -0.542***                 -0.363**                     -0.291
                                             (0.102)                    (0.145)                  (0.158)                    (0.211)
  1978 × Forward Link                      -0.412***                  -0.596***                 -0.452**                    -0.368*
                                             (0.112)                    (0.140)                  (0.172)                    (0.206)
  1979 × Forward Link                       -0.273**                  -0.358***                  -0.342*                     -0.194
                                             (0.126)                    (0.134)                  (0.192)                    (0.198)
  1980 × Forward Link                       -0.345**                   -0.422**                  -0.431*                     -0.315
                                             (0.163)                    (0.180)                  (0.245)                    (0.252)
  1981 × Forward Link                      -0.511***                  -0.585***                  -0.550*                    -0.510*
                                             (0.183)                    (0.204)                  (0.279)                    (0.275)
  1982 × Forward Link                       -0.486**                  -0.527***                 -0.577**                    -0.516*
                                             (0.188)                    (0.201)                  (0.282)                    (0.284)
  1983 × Forward Link                       -0.449**                  -0.522***                 -0.603**                    -0.535*
                                             (0.187)                    (0.193)                  (0.282)                    (0.295)
  1984 × Forward Link                       -0.423**                   -0.494**                 -0.606**                   -0.597**
                                             (0.186)                    (0.191)                  (0.277)                    (0.283)
  1985 × Forward Link                       -0.408**                   -0.427**                 -0.589**                   -0.577**
                                             (0.189)                    (0.195)                  (0.279)                    (0.277)
  1986 × Forward Link                       -0.426**                   -0.470**                 -0.587**                   -0.609**
                                             (0.183)                    (0.189)                  (0.279)                    (0.276)
Industry Effects                                Yes                        Yes                      Yes                        Yes
Year Effects                                    Yes                        Yes                      Yes                        Yes
Targeted X Year                                 Yes                        No                       Yes                        No
R2                                             0.960                     0.947                     0.965                      0.964
Observations                                   4721                       2987                     1751                       1097
Clusters                                        278                        176                      88                          55
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)           5.806                      2.900                   0.976                       1.995
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)         0.003                      0.058                   0.437                       0.094
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)         43.815                      47.119                  11.597                       4.173
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)         0.000                      0.000                   0.000                       0.003

   Notes.    This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between forward linkage exposure and output
prices . Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects. Panel A shows estimates using
detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986).
’Full sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sectors (Tar-
geted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions include controls for both linkage types. Standard
errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1
percent level.




                                                                     131
                                                                               T ABLE E.3
                                            D IRECT F ORWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND D OWNSTREAM I NDUSTRIAL D EVELOPMENT

                                                                         Panel A) Five-Digit Panel (1970-1986)                                                                                     Panel B) Four-Digit Panel (1967-1986)

                                   Employment                  Num. Plants                Labor Prod.                     TFP                   Avg. Wages                 Employment                  Num. Plants                Labor Prod.                Avg. Wages

                               Full        Non-HCI         Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI         Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI        Full       Non-HCI
                              Sample        Only          Sample        Only         Sample        Only         Sample        Only         Sample        Only          Sample        Only         Sample        Only         Sample        Only         Sample       Only

                                 (1)          (2)            (3)           (4)          (5)          (6)          (7)             (8)         (9)          (10)          (11)         (12)          (13)          (14)         (15)         (16)          (17)         (18)

        1967 × Fwd Link                                                                                                                                                 -0.189       -1.530*         0.240        -0.347        0.483        0.406      0.493**        0.368
                                                                                                                                                                       (0.615)       (0.844)       (0.567)       (0.595)      (0.444)      (0.783)      (0.240)      (0.405)
        1968 × Fwd Link                                                                                                                                                  0.217        -0.917         0.360        -0.222       0.705*        1.045      0.523**        0.521
                                                                                                                                                                       (0.526)       (0.777)       (0.478)       (0.535)      (0.397)      (0.771)      (0.224)      (0.347)
        1969 × Fwd Link                                                                                                                                                  0.387        -0.516         0.305        -0.500        0.172        0.685      0.322*         0.519
                                                                                                                                                                       (0.466)       (0.742)       (0.523)       (0.637)      (0.311)      (0.542)      (0.177)      (0.314)
        1970 × Fwd Link        -0.866*       -0.521       -0.510**      -0.468**      0.255        0.0969       -1.070*          -1.794      0.184        0.173         -0.856      -1.226***       -0.312      -0.613**        0.461        0.655       0.207         0.318
                               (0.524)      (0.606)        (0.199)       (0.233)     (0.368)       (0.445)      (0.643)         (1.145)     (0.190)      (0.182)       (0.544)       (0.315)       (0.270)       (0.246)      (0.314)      (0.587)      (0.162)      (0.270)
        1971 × Fwd Link       -1.245**       -1.141      -0.568***      -0.608**     0.0125         0.180        -0.814          -0.355     -0.0345       0.0605        -0.440      -1.102***       -0.312       -0.450*        0.216        0.516      0.0453       0.0912
                               (0.556)      (0.739)        (0.201)       (0.276)     (0.298)       (0.377)      (0.649)         (0.956)     (0.175)      (0.201)       (0.413)       (0.281)       (0.215)       (0.266)      (0.291)      (0.447)      (0.161)      (0.274)
        1973 × Fwd Link         -0.291      0.0576          -0.116       0.0700       0.232        0.0506       0.00494         -0.0451      0.0875       0.0914        -0.190        -0.325       0.0994          0.150      -0.0158        0.108       0.129         0.280
                               (0.490)      (0.654)        (0.156)       (0.217)     (0.396)       (0.507)      (0.503)         (0.710)     (0.158)      (0.152)       (0.248)       (0.329)       (0.160)       (0.224)      (0.296)      (0.378)      (0.138)      (0.240)
        1974 × Fwd Link         -0.259        0.349          0.176       0.548*       0.194         0.126        -0.267          -0.342      0.177        0.137          0.292        -0.118         0.297         0.475        0.240        0.277       0.110         0.131
                               (0.442)      (0.545)        (0.196)       (0.314)     (0.300)       (0.427)      (0.450)         (0.654)     (0.175)      (0.205)       (0.266)       (0.441)       (0.222)       (0.325)      (0.371)      (0.669)      (0.205)      (0.350)
132




        1975 × Fwd Link          0.722      2.174*         0.772*       1.865***      0.596         0.274         0.647         -0.0771      0.435        0.244          0.992        1.954*      1.155**       2.189***       -0.397       -0.881      0.0258        -0.109
                               (0.806)      (1.254)        (0.412)       (0.650)     (0.476)       (0.516)      (0.659)         (0.723)     (0.309)      (0.270)       (0.664)       (1.104)       (0.443)       (0.637)      (0.395)      (0.622)      (0.217)      (0.322)
        1976 × Fwd Link         1.733*     4.255***      1.129***       2.744***     1.067**       1.277*         0.715           0.396    0.819**       0.828**       1.731*         2.981*      1.859***      3.518***        0.295        0.110      0.426*         0.441
                               (0.928)      (1.404)        (0.425)       (0.615)     (0.522)       (0.678)      (0.673)         (0.663)     (0.330)      (0.357)       (0.904)       (1.598)       (0.650)       (0.897)      (0.418)      (0.698)      (0.228)      (0.407)
        1977 × Fwd Link       2.129**      4.441***      1.254***       2.785***     1.222**       1.120*         1.115           0.228    0.880***      0.726**       1.754*         2.868*      1.931***      3.536***        0.364        0.146       0.375         0.364
                               (0.922)      (1.462)        (0.441)       (0.632)     (0.526)       (0.657)      (0.684)         (0.682)     (0.338)      (0.365)       (0.892)       (1.502)       (0.640)       (0.838)      (0.428)      (0.708)      (0.252)      (0.437)
        1978 × Fwd Link         1.510*     3.214**       1.168***       2.518***     1.072**        0.754        1.286*           0.558    0.804**        0.467        1.768*         2.790*      2.005***      3.535***        0.505        0.252      0.461*         0.448
                               (0.849)      (1.281)        (0.448)       (0.647)     (0.541)       (0.549)      (0.725)         (0.748)     (0.358)      (0.306)       (0.911)       (1.504)       (0.636)       (0.884)      (0.432)      (0.683)      (0.270)      (0.456)
        1979 × Fwd Link         1.698*     3.070**       1.366***       2.493***     1.126**        0.850        1.180*           0.474    0.915**        0.440       1.918**         2.724*      2.213***      3.835***       0.735*        0.720      0.511*         0.405
                               (0.872)      (1.181)        (0.440)       (0.629)     (0.533)       (0.542)      (0.682)         (0.698)     (0.376)      (0.344)       (0.849)       (1.475)       (0.635)       (0.843)      (0.415)      (0.703)      (0.274)      (0.456)
        1980 × Fwd Link         1.629*     3.605**       1.456***       2.908***     1.089**        0.925         0.801           0.325    0.883**        0.429        1.701*         2.804*      2.282***      4.014***        0.632        0.644      0.580*         0.450
                               (0.958)      (1.462)        (0.462)       (0.635)     (0.550)       (0.662)      (0.703)         (0.722)     (0.373)      (0.377)       (0.889)       (1.520)       (0.664)       (0.866)      (0.436)      (0.770)      (0.298)      (0.499)
        1981 × Fwd Link         1.691*     3.370**       1.564***       2.811***     1.274**        1.001         1.006           0.323    1.069***       0.763*       1.855*         2.947*      2.338***      3.934***        0.608        0.702      0.695**        0.770
                               (0.879)      (1.312)        (0.477)       (0.663)     (0.548)       (0.699)      (0.684)         (0.742)     (0.367)      (0.399)       (0.939)       (1.614)       (0.658)       (0.866)      (0.476)      (0.787)      (0.306)      (0.503)
        1982 × Fwd Link         1.663*     3.633***      1.540***       3.033***     1.156**        1.035         1.011           0.422    1.064***      0.810**      1.938**         2.964*      2.475***      4.130***        0.663        0.592      0.685**        0.819
                               (0.912)      (1.363)        (0.496)       (0.664)     (0.535)       (0.628)      (0.657)         (0.774)     (0.366)      (0.369)       (0.937)       (1.523)       (0.673)       (0.855)      (0.508)      (0.814)      (0.314)      (0.520)
        1983 × Fwd Link          0.889     3.128**       1.439***       3.158***     0.641*         0.472         0.720         0.0518     0.626***       0.419       1.712**          1.655      2.471***      3.637***        0.543        0.221      0.539**        0.418
                               (0.950)      (1.315)        (0.550)       (0.719)     (0.363)       (0.605)      (0.533)         (0.774)     (0.240)      (0.352)       (0.706)       (1.151)       (0.606)       (0.682)      (0.396)      (0.535)      (0.259)      (0.382)
        1984 × Fwd Link          0.568      2.488*         1.342**      3.031***      0.313        -0.190         0.628         -0.0960    0.565**        0.0958      1.861***         1.772      2.568***      3.845***        0.546        0.283      0.584**        0.508
                               (1.050)      (1.457)        (0.598)       (0.823)     (0.336)       (0.533)      (0.490)         (0.753)     (0.230)      (0.327)       (0.701)       (1.116)       (0.651)       (0.699)      (0.410)      (0.600)      (0.264)      (0.411)
        1985 × Fwd Link          0.460      2.429*         1.363**      3.146***      0.418        -0.164         0.678         -0.0390    0.519**       -0.0108      1.723**          1.610      2.695***      4.000***        0.465        0.179      0.499*         0.320
                               (1.054)      (1.466)        (0.613)       (0.844)     (0.349)       (0.551)      (0.502)         (0.758)     (0.235)      (0.327)       (0.730)       (1.140)       (0.662)       (0.712)      (0.404)      (0.573)      (0.268)      (0.407)
        1986 × Fwd Link          1.033     3.669**         1.501**      3.464***     0.639*         0.382         0.692         -0.0101    0.668***       0.266       1.914**         1.976*      2.824***      4.124***        0.547        0.396      0.576**        0.496
                               (1.123)      (1.624)        (0.634)       (0.832)     (0.371)       (0.623)      (0.504)         (0.769)     (0.242)      (0.341)       (0.770)       (1.166)       (0.676)       (0.686)      (0.415)      (0.548)      (0.260)      (0.398)
      Industry Effects            Yes          Yes            Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes           Yes             Yes         Yes          Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes
      Year Effects                Yes          Yes            Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes           Yes             Yes         Yes          Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes          Yes          Yes         Yes           Yes
      Targeted × Year             Yes          No             Yes          No          Yes           No            Yes             No          Yes          No            Yes           No            Yes           No           Yes          No          Yes           No
      R2                       0.799         0.811         0.869         0.877         0.753        0.693        0.709          0.677       0.778         0.720         0.855         0.851         0.895        0.900        0.850         0.783        0.856        0.800
      Observations             4726          2992          4726          2992          4714         2981         4214           2682        4721          2987          1760          1100          1760         1100         1750          1096         1751         1097
      Clusters                  278           176           278           176           278          176          264            167         278           176           88            55            88            55           88            55           88           55

         Notes.      This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between forward linkage exposure and development outcomes . Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year
      effects. Panel A shows estimates using detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986). ’Full sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries;
      full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sectors (Targeted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions include controls for both linkage types. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at
      the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.
                            T ABLE E.4
F ORWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE ON D OWNSTREAM E XPORT P ERFORMANCE

                                                                  Export outcomes (1965-1986)

                                                                                                                 Relative Export
                                        RCA (Balassa)                             RCA (log)
                                                                                                                 Product. (CDK)

                                Full Sample       Non-HCI Only       Full Sample       Non-HCI Only       Full Sample       Non-HCI Only

                                     (1)                (2)               (3)                  (4)             (5)                (6)

      1965 × Forward Link           0.826            1.629**            0.00370               0.596          -0.0134            0.0224
                                   (0.919)            (0.811)           (0.666)            (0.661)           (0.117)            (0.131)
      1966 × Forward Link           0.801             1.307*            -0.135            -0.00206           -0.103             -0.106
                                   (0.850)            (0.776)           (0.632)            (0.659)           (0.100)            (0.113)
      1967 × Forward Link           0.535             0.779             -0.0236            0.0132            0.00354           -0.0241
                                   (0.816)            (0.781)           (0.599)            (0.637)          (0.0902)            (0.101)
      1968 × Forward Link          -0.447             -0.497            -0.219             -0.327            0.0240             0.0277
                                   (0.722)            (0.691)           (0.541)            (0.539)          (0.0909)            (0.110)
      1969 × Forward Link          -0.672             -0.674            -0.634             -0.771            -0.0832            -0.121
                                   (0.688)            (0.730)           (0.457)            (0.487)          (0.0839)           (0.0908)
      1970 × Forward Link          -0.371             -0.253            -0.420             -0.400            -0.0466           -0.0332
                                   (0.546)            (0.573)           (0.389)            (0.419)          (0.0779)           (0.0917)
      1971 × Forward Link          -0.169             -0.396            -0.243             -0.478            -0.0644           -0.0947
                                   (0.581)            (0.592)           (0.369)            (0.321)          (0.0764)           (0.0857)
      1973 × Forward Link           0.261             0.0162             0.261            -0.0472            0.0598             0.0515
                                   (0.398)            (0.453)           (0.291)            (0.338)          (0.0602)           (0.0705)
      1974 × Forward Link           0.286            -0.0535             0.591                0.298           0.111             0.0620
                                   (0.640)            (0.727)           (0.362)            (0.405)          (0.0750)           (0.0776)
      1975 × Forward Link          0.0901            -0.0602             0.337                0.249          0.0906             0.106
                                   (0.657)            (0.728)           (0.367)            (0.390)          (0.0646)           (0.0738)
      1976 × Forward Link          1.259*             1.058             0.884**               0.730         0.214***           0.266***
                                   (0.678)            (0.737)           (0.413)            (0.446)          (0.0676)           (0.0763)
      1977 × Forward Link          1.543**            1.119             0.952**               0.674          0.136**           0.162**
                                   (0.732)            (0.805)           (0.435)            (0.461)          (0.0646)           (0.0754)
      1978 × Forward Link          1.344*             1.053             0.919**               0.726          0.0980             0.136*
                                   (0.741)            (0.812)           (0.440)            (0.471)          (0.0683)           (0.0805)
      1979 × Forward Link          1.305*             1.132             1.053**            0.880*            0.142**            0.160*
                                   (0.762)            (0.850)           (0.450)            (0.490)          (0.0709)           (0.0819)
      1980 × Forward Link          1.415*             1.341             1.041**            0.937*            0.128*            0.193**
                                   (0.776)            (0.865)           (0.454)            (0.485)          (0.0757)           (0.0906)
      1981 × Forward Link          1.919**           1.718**           1.328***           1.172**            0.141**           0.231***
                                   (0.780)            (0.870)           (0.464)            (0.497)          (0.0713)           (0.0846)
      1982 × Forward Link          1.818**            1.456            1.329***           1.097**           0.200***           0.216**
                                   (0.827)            (0.954)           (0.479)            (0.519)          (0.0746)           (0.0851)
      1983 × Forward Link          2.075**            1.559            1.544***           1.266**           0.307***           0.428***
                                   (0.833)            (0.965)           (0.469)            (0.507)          (0.0780)           (0.0891)
      1984 × Forward Link         2.350***           1.894**           1.703***           1.376***          0.350***           0.406***
                                   (0.827)            (0.962)           (0.477)            (0.518)          (0.0770)           (0.0920)
    1985 × Forward Link           2.632***           2.070**           1.841***           1.504***          0.318***           0.445***
                                   (0.847)            (0.967)           (0.489)            (0.528)          (0.0758)           (0.0931)
    1986 × Forward Link           2.608***           2.309**           1.777***           1.572***          0.318***           0.433***
                                   (0.833)            (0.964)           (0.481)            (0.523)          (0.0778)           (0.0951)
    Industry Effects                 Yes               Yes                Yes                 Yes              Yes               Yes
    Year Effects                     Yes               Yes                Yes                 Yes              Yes               Yes
    Targeted × Year                  Yes                No                Yes                  No              Yes                No
    R2                              0.599             0.627              0.404                0.424           0.635             0.670
    Observations                   11418               7612             11418                 7612            7858               5173
    Clusters                         519               346                519                 346              467               310

       Notes.    This table reports shows dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between forward linkage ex-
    posure and export development. RCA is the conventional Balassa measure of comparative advantage; asinh-transformed RCA is also
    shown. CDK is a relative export productivity measure. . Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include
    industry and year effects. ’Full sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions
    include controls for HCI sectors (Targeted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions
    include controls for both linkage types. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. **
    Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                                   133
                                                               T ABLE E.5
D IRECT F ORWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND D OWNSTREAM I NPUT U SE

                                              Panel A) Four-digit Panel (1967-1986)                  Panel B) Five-digit Panel (1970-1986)

                                                                          Intermediate                                            Intermediate
                                             Investment (log)                                       Investment (log)
                                                                           outlays (log)                                           outlays (log)

                                               (1)           (2)          (3)          (4)           (5)           (6)           (7)           (8)

  1967 × Forward Link                        1.782         1.816        0.531        -0.318
                                             (1.136)       (1.670)      (0.733)      (1.354)
  1968 × Forward Link                        1.480         0.565        1.068*        1.160
                                             (1.051)       (1.383)      (0.568)      (1.135)
  1969 × Forward Link                        0.830         0.713        0.619         0.361
                                             (0.883)       (1.285)      (0.429)      (0.786)
  1970 × Forward Link                        0.730         0.941        -0.583       -0.634*        0.364        -0.428        -0.765         -0.685
                                             (1.070)       (0.823)      (0.695)      (0.335)       (1.097)       (1.062)       (0.804)       (0.639)
  1971 × Forward Link                        1.122         0.945        -0.106      0.00253        -0.140         0.105        -1.600*        -1.364
                                             (1.259)       (1.632)      (0.379)      (0.407)       (0.920)       (1.022)       (0.893)       (1.241)
  1973 × Forward Link                        0.862         0.280        0.331        -0.0152        0.690         0.145       0.000253       0.0619
                                             (0.598)       (0.749)      (0.341)      (0.454)       (0.881)       (1.204)       (0.709)       (0.908)
  1974 × Forward Link                        1.743         0.504        0.807         0.875         0.530         0.237        -0.467         -0.545
                                             (1.090)       (1.242)      (0.729)      (1.421)       (0.889)       (1.091)       (0.773)       (1.285)
  1975 × Forward Link                       2.467**        3.247*       0.698         1.683       2.457**       3.853**         0.593         1.483
                                             (1.206)       (1.787)      (0.793)      (1.367)       (1.019)       (1.652)       (1.122)       (1.619)
  1976 × Forward Link                        2.410*        3.168*       1.622         3.305        1.921*       3.438**         2.108        4.703**
                                             (1.369)       (1.701)      (1.204)      (2.154)       (1.046)       (1.354)       (1.363)       (1.948)
  1977 × Forward Link                       2.393**       2.494**       1.739         3.185       3.585***      4.635***       2.828**       5.063**
                                             (1.028)       (1.199)      (1.175)      (2.088)       (1.023)       (1.745)       (1.366)       (2.102)
  1978 × Forward Link                       3.021**        2.434*       1.590         2.969       3.126***      3.920***        1.717        3.167*
                                             (1.232)       (1.314)      (1.155)      (2.052)       (1.005)       (1.398)       (1.244)       (1.753)
  1979 × Forward Link                        2.307*        0.307        1.857         3.229       2.672**         1.625         2.057        3.246*
                                             (1.306)       (1.318)      (1.138)      (2.050)       (1.072)       (1.442)       (1.327)       (1.738)
  1980 × Forward Link                        1.282         0.606        1.559         3.296       2.179**        2.602*         1.941        3.813*
                                             (1.102)       (1.581)      (1.182)      (2.110)       (1.029)       (1.404)       (1.390)       (2.058)
  1981 × Forward Link                       2.348**        1.858        1.851         3.740       2.433**        2.676*         1.857        3.362*
                                             (0.970)       (1.196)      (1.306)      (2.286)       (1.005)       (1.504)       (1.306)       (1.869)
  1982 × Forward Link                       2.696**        1.232        1.601         3.171       2.337**       3.110**         1.638        3.471*
                                             (1.111)       (1.151)      (1.203)      (2.068)       (1.115)       (1.474)       (1.311)       (1.819)
  1983 × Forward Link                       3.198***      2.585**       1.197*        1.458         1.218         2.244         0.371        2.753*
                                             (1.050)       (0.986)      (0.714)      (1.202)       (1.312)       (1.759)       (1.163)       (1.643)
  1984 × Forward Link                       3.605***      2.462**       1.362*        1.604         1.500         1.863        -0.0403        1.872
                                             (1.184)       (1.173)      (0.698)      (1.139)       (1.311)       (1.808)       (1.225)       (1.740)
  1985 × Forward Link                       2.956***      2.652**       1.242         1.547         1.198         2.556        -0.218         1.788
                                             (0.997)       (1.204)      (0.777)      (1.218)       (1.302)       (1.754)       (1.225)       (1.700)
  1986 × Forward Link                       3.063***      2.701**       1.588*        1.941         1.956        3.658*         0.648        3.564*
                                             (1.124)       (1.136)      (0.835)      (1.283)       (1.360)       (1.881)       (1.374)       (2.086)
Industry Effects                              Yes           Yes          Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes
Year Effects                                  Yes           Yes          Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes           Yes
Targeted × Year                               Yes            No          Yes           No            Yes           No            Yes           No
R2                                           0.878         0.870        0.853         0.837         0.794         0.794         0.785         0.786
Observations                                  1754          1100         1760         1100          4713          2988          4726          2992
Clusters                                       88            55           88           55           278           176            278           176
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)         0.732         0.573        1.329         2.252         0.172         0.133         1.623         0.712
1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)       0.601         0.720        0.260         0.062         0.842         0.876         0.199         0.492
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)         0.417         4.166        0.916         3.084         0.111         2.777         0.872         1.681
2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)       0.836         0.003        0.475         0.016         0.895         0.065         0.419         0.189
Sample                                        Full       Non-HCI         Full       Non-HCI         Full        Non-HCI         Full        Non-HCI

   Notes.      This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship between forward linkage exposure and input use
and investment. (log) Intermediate input outlays are real total input material costs. (log) Investment is real total gross fixed capital investment.
. Estimates are relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects. Panel A shows estimates using detailed
5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986). ’Full sample’
refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sectors (Targeted x Year). ’Non-
HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions include controls for both linkage types. Standard errors are clustered at
the industry level. * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                                      134
                         T ABLE F.1
D IRECT B ACKWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND U PSTREAM O UTPUT

                                                     Outcome: Real value added (log)
                                                      Full        Non-HCI        Full            Non-HCI
                                                     Sample        Only         Sample            Only

                                                       (1)           (2)           (3)              (4)

          1967 × Backward Link                                                   0.527             1.915
                                                                                 (0.519)          (1.540)
          1968 × Backward Link                                                   0.692             2.036
                                                                                 (0.549)          (1.522)
          1969 × Backward Link                                                   0.655             1.610
                                                                                 (0.529)          (1.501)
          1970 × Backward Link                       0.397*       0.588**        0.0913            0.645
                                                     (0.226)       (0.241)       (0.287)          (0.448)
          1971 × Backward Link                       -0.224        -0.203       -0.0308           -0.0627
                                                     (0.283)       (0.319)       (0.245)          (0.496)
          1973 × Backward Link                       -0.256        -0.435        -0.152            -1.120
                                                     (0.313)       (0.355)       (0.368)          (0.766)
          1974 × Backward Link                       -0.120        -0.199        0.430*            0.223
                                                     (0.312)       (0.366)       (0.251)          (0.666)
          1975 × Backward Link                        0.321         0.561        -0.551            -1.154
                                                     (0.353)       (0.385)       (0.375)          (0.834)
          1976 × Backward Link                        0.336       0.709**       -0.0591            -0.435
                                                     (0.317)       (0.308)       (0.415)          (0.917)
          1977 × Backward Link                        0.101         0.502        -0.267            -0.487
                                                     (0.376)       (0.394)       (0.456)          (1.009)
          1978 × Backward Link                        0.468        0.825*        -0.247            -0.602
                                                     (0.419)       (0.464)       (0.470)          (1.110)
          1979 × Backward Link                        0.372        0.809*        -0.168            -0.573
                                                     (0.422)       (0.458)       (0.467)          (1.098)
          1980 × Backward Link                       0.0986         0.502        -0.409            -1.019
                                                     (0.462)       (0.497)       (0.500)          (1.088)
          1981 × Backward Link                        0.155         0.498        -0.522            -1.528
                                                     (0.454)       (0.514)       (0.561)          (1.116)
          1982 × Backward Link                       0.0970         0.490        -0.573            -1.371
                                                     (0.426)       (0.460)       (0.622)          (1.212)
          1983 × Backward Link                       -0.120         0.167        -0.756           -2.140*
                                                     (0.414)       (0.436)       (0.605)          (1.267)
          1984 × Backward Link                       -0.109         0.178        -0.696            -1.951
                                                     (0.322)       (0.316)       (0.596)          (1.299)
          1985 × Backward Link                       -0.424        -0.215        -0.574           -1.747*
                                                     (0.456)       (0.499)       (0.537)          (0.884)
          1986 × Backward Link                       -0.346        -0.120        -0.647          -2.088**
                                                     (0.497)       (0.550)       (0.570)          (1.030)
        Industry Effects                               Yes           Yes          Yes               Yes
        Year Effects                                   Yes           Yes          Yes               Yes
        Targeted X Year                                Yes           No           Yes               No
        R2                                            0.778         0.768        0.848             0.822
        Observations                                  4720          2986          1750             1096
        Clusters                                       278           176           88                55
        1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)          1.405         1.358        1.010             3.446
        1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)        0.247         0.260        0.417             0.009
        2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)          1.670         6.845        0.531             0.992
        2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)        0.190         0.001        0.752             0.431

           Notes.     This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship
        between backward linkage exposure and output: real value added . Estimates are relative to 1972,
        the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects. Panel A shows estimates
        using detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using longer, ag-
        gregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986). ’Full sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of
        all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sectors (Targeted x
        Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regressions include con-
        trols for both linkage types. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. * Significant at
        the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1 percent level.




                                                       135
                         T ABLE F.2
D IRECT B ACKWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND U PSTREAM P RICES

                                                       Outcome: Output prices (log)
                                                       Full          Non-HCI           Full         Non-HCI
                                                      Sample          Only            Sample         Only

                                                         (1)             (2)            (3)            (4)

          1967 × Backward Link                                                        -0.100        -0.385***
                                                                                     (0.0779)        (0.125)
          1968 × Backward Link                                                       -0.170**       -0.475***
                                                                                     (0.0786)        (0.140)
          1969 × Backward Link                                                       -0.0910**      -0.238***
                                                                                     (0.0437)       (0.0813)
          1970 × Backward Link                       -0.0158**       -0.0279***      -0.00535       -0.114**
                                                     (0.00739)       (0.00501)       (0.0382)       (0.0496)
          1971 × Backward Link                       0.0315***       0.0351***       0.0538**       0.108***
                                                     (0.00491)       (0.00569)       (0.0223)       (0.0321)
          1973 × Backward Link                       -0.0310***      -0.0499***       -0.0390       -0.150***
                                                     (0.00785)       (0.00587)       (0.0367)       (0.0382)
          1974 × Backward Link                        0.00734        -0.0276**        0.0182         -0.0389
                                                      (0.0221)        (0.0117)       (0.0604)       (0.0896)
          1975 × Backward Link                         0.0191         0.00640         0.0246         0.0821
                                                      (0.0165)        (0.0125)       (0.0585)       (0.0928)
          1976 × Backward Link                        0.0309*         0.0276**        0.0106          0.157
                                                      (0.0161)        (0.0133)       (0.0657)        (0.105)
          1977 × Backward Link                       0.0513***       0.0446***        0.0624         0.269**
                                                      (0.0170)        (0.0128)       (0.0971)        (0.127)
          1978 × Backward Link                         0.0219         0.00282         0.0667          0.164
                                                      (0.0184)        (0.0119)       (0.0963)        (0.135)
          1979 × Backward Link                         0.0335         0.00449          0.126          0.205
                                                      (0.0221)        (0.0130)        (0.103)        (0.159)
          1980 × Backward Link                        0.182***        0.149***        0.361*        0.725***
                                                      (0.0329)        (0.0223)        (0.188)        (0.250)
          1981 × Backward Link                        0.277***        0.266***        0.477*        1.120***
                                                      (0.0336)        (0.0289)        (0.245)        (0.333)
          1982 × Backward Link                        0.188***        0.170***        0.343*        0.849***
                                                      (0.0301)        (0.0221)        (0.203)        (0.291)
          1983 × Backward Link                        0.139***        0.108***         0.282         0.676**
                                                      (0.0314)        (0.0219)        (0.184)        (0.261)
          1984 × Backward Link                        0.174***        0.153***         0.323        0.829***
                                                      (0.0305)        (0.0231)        (0.202)        (0.289)
          1985 × Backward Link                        0.208***        0.200***        0.372*        0.961***
                                                      (0.0296)        (0.0244)        (0.222)        (0.314)
          1986 × Backward Link                        0.212***        0.212***        0.360*        1.011***
                                                      (0.0278)        (0.0242)        (0.213)        (0.325)
        Industry Effects                                Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
        Year Effects                                    Yes             Yes             Yes            Yes
        Targeted X Year                                 Yes              No             Yes            No
        R2                                             0.960           0.947           0.965          0.964
        Observations                                    4721            2987           1751           1097
        Clusters                                        278             176             88             55
        1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)           5.806           2.900           0.976          1.995
        1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)         0.003           0.058           0.437          0.094
        2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)           43.815          47.119         11.597          4.173
        2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)         0.000           0.000           0.000          0.003

           Notes.     This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relationship
        between backward linkage exposure and output or real value added . Estimates are relative to
        1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects. Panel A shows es-
        timates using detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel B shows estimates using
        longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986). ’Full sample’ refers to estimates for
        full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample regressions include controls for HCI sec-
        tors (Targeted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to sample excluding treated industry. All regres-
        sions include controls for both linkage types. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level.
        * Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at the 1
        percent level.




                                                      136
                        T ABLE F.3
T OTAL B ACKWARD L INKAGE E XPOSURE AND U PSTREAM O UTPUT

                                                      Outcome: Value added (log)
                                                      Full        Non-HCI        Full        Non-HCI
                                                     sample         only        sample         only

                                                        (1)          (2)           (3)          (4)

           1967 × Backward Link                                                  0.515         1.199
                                                                                (0.489)       (0.962)
           1968 × Backward Link                                                  0.571         1.255
                                                                                (0.499)       (0.961)
           1969 × Backward Link                                                  0.543         1.126
                                                                                (0.504)       (1.011)
           1970 × Backward Link                       0.168        0.270**      -0.0195       0.0405
                                                     (0.121)       (0.124)      (0.152)       (0.314)
           1971 × Backward Link                       -0.123       -0.113       -0.0780       -0.161
                                                     (0.139)       (0.161)      (0.143)       (0.303)
           1973 × Backward Link                       -0.181       -0.248        -0.266      -0.775**
                                                     (0.154)       (0.180)      (0.265)       (0.375)
           1974 × Backward Link                      -0.0411       -0.0635       0.155        0.0810
                                                     (0.161)       (0.191)      (0.236)       (0.527)
           1975 × Backward Link                       0.113         0.245        -0.333       -0.608*
                                                     (0.189)       (0.204)      (0.223)       (0.357)
           1976 × Backward Link                       0.153        0.349**       -0.196       -0.467
                                                     (0.165)       (0.162)      (0.255)       (0.449)
           1977 × Backward Link                       0.0225        0.230        -0.280       -0.558
                                                     (0.197)       (0.204)      (0.269)       (0.474)
           1978 × Backward Link                       0.165         0.338        -0.300       -0.647
                                                     (0.223)       (0.242)      (0.288)       (0.499)
           1979 × Backward Link                       0.128         0.322        -0.275       -0.648
                                                     (0.224)       (0.238)      (0.289)       (0.495)
           1980 × Backward Link                      -0.0112        0.188        -0.360       -0.766
                                                     (0.247)       (0.265)      (0.298)       (0.464)
           1981 × Backward Link                       0.0132        0.179        -0.426      -0.952**
                                                     (0.238)       (0.265)      (0.333)       (0.455)
           1982 × Backward Link                      -0.0163        0.173        -0.414       -0.883*
                                                     (0.226)       (0.242)      (0.338)       (0.477)
           1983 × Backward Link                       -0.148      0.00481        -0.510      -1.175***
                                                     (0.227)       (0.243)      (0.345)       (0.421)
           1984 × Backward Link                       -0.138       0.0112        -0.512      -1.172***
                                                     (0.178)       (0.178)      (0.352)       (0.425)
           1985 × Backward Link                       -0.322       -0.212        -0.343      -0.828***
                                                     (0.252)       (0.280)      (0.256)       (0.208)
           1986 × Backward Link                       -0.275       -0.149        -0.410      -0.981***
                                                     (0.272)       (0.305)      (0.279)       (0.220)
         Industry Effects                              Yes           Yes          Yes           Yes
         Year Effects                                  Yes           Yes          Yes           Yes
         Targeted X Year                               Yes           No           Yes           No
         R2                                           0.779         0.770        0.852         0.835
         Observations                                 4720          2986         1750          1096
         Clusters                                      278           176           88           55
         1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)         1.479         3.048        0.666         1.887
         1st Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)       0.230         0.050        0.651         0.112
         2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (F-Test)         0.964         3.685        0.673         3.864
         2nd Joint Test of Pre-Trend (p-values)       0.383         0.027        0.645         0.005

            Notes. This table reports dynamic differences-in-differences estimates for the relation-
         ship between backward linkage exposure and output or real value added . Estimates are
         relative to 1972, the year before HCI. All specifications include industry and year effects.
         Panel A shows estimates using detailed 5-digit level industrial data (1970-1986). Panel
         B shows estimates using longer, aggregate 4-digit level industrial data (1967-1986). ’Full
         sample’ refers to estimates for full sample of all manufacturing industries; full-sample re-
         gressions include controls for HCI sectors (Targeted x Year). ’Non-HCI Sample’ refers to
         sample excluding treated industry. Standard errors are clustered at the industry level. *
         Significant at the 10 percent level. ** Significant at the 5 percent level. *** Significant at
         the 1 percent level.




                                                   137
                   S UPPLEMENTAL A PPENDIX B IBLIOGRAPHY

                                         R EFERENCES
Acemoglu, Daron, David Autor, David Dorn, Gordon H. Hanson, and Brendan Price, “Import Compe-
    tition and the Great US Employment Sag of the 2000s,” Journal of Labor Economics, 34 (2015),
    141–198, https://doi.org/10.3386/w20395.
Ackerberg, Daniel A. Kevin Caves, and Garth Frazer, “Identification Properties of Recent Production
    Function Estimators,” Econometrica, 83 (2015), 2411–2451, https://doi.org/10/f776xt.
Aghion, Philippe, Jing Cai, Mathias Dewatripont, Luosha Du, Ann Harrison, and Patrick Legros,
    “Industrial Policy and Competition,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics (2015),
    https://doi.org/10/ghbttz.
Amiti, Mary, and Jozef Konings, “Trade Liberalization, Intermediate Inputs, and Productivity: Evidence
    from Indonesia,” American Economic Review, 97 (2007), 1611–1638, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.888015.
Amsden, Alice H. Asia’s Next Giant: South Korea and Late Industrialization, 2nd ed., (New York: Oxford
    University Press, 1992), https://doi.org/10.1093/0195076036.001.0001.
Balassa, Bela, “Trade Liberalisation and “Revealed” Comparative Advantage,” The Manchester School,
    33 (1965), 99–123, https://doi.org/10/fqg5zv.
Baldwin, Richard, and Paul Krugman, “Market Access and International Competition: A Simulation
    Study of 16k Random Access Memories,” in Empirical Methods for International Trade, Robert
    Feenstra, ed., 1st ed., (Cambridge, MA: MIT Press, 1988), 171–197, https://doi.org/10.3386/w1936.
Baldwin, Robert E. “The Case against Infant Industry Tariff Protection,” Journal of Political Economy,
    77 (1969), 295–305, https://doi.org/10.1086/259517.
Banerjee, Abhijit V. And Esther Duflo, “Do Firms Want to Borrow More? Testing Credit Con-
    straints using a Directed Lending Program,” Review of Economic Studies, 81 (2014), 572–607,
    https://doi.org/10/f53whr.
Bardhan, Pranab K. “On Optimum Subsidy to a Learning Industry: An Aspect of the Theory of Infant-
    Industry Protection,” International Economic Review, 12 (1971), 54–70, https://doi.org/10/cvp2xc.
Barrios, Salvador, and Eric Strobl, “Learning by Doing and Spillovers: Evidence from Firm-Level Panel
    Data,” Review of Industrial Organization, 25 (2004), 175–203, https://doi.org/10/b6cmqq.
Barwick, Panle J. Myrto Kalouptsidi, and Nahim Bin Zahur, “China’s Industrial Policy: An Empirical
    Evaluation,” NBER Working Paper No. 26075, 2019, https://doi.org/10.3386/w26075.
Bau, Natalie, and Adrien Matray, “Misallocation and Capital Market Integration: Evidence from India,”
    NBER Working Paper No. 27955, 2022, https://doi.org/10.3386/w27955.
Beason, Richard, and David E. Weinstein, “Growth, Economies of Scale, and Targeting in Japan (1955-
    1990),” Review of Economics and Statistics, 78 (1996), 286–295, https://doi.org/10.2307/2109930.
Becker, Sascha O. Peter H. Egger, and Maximilian von Ehrlich, “Going NUTS: The Effect of
    EU Structural Funds on Regional Performance,” Journal of Public Economics, 94 (2010),
    https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jpubeco.2010.06.006.
Beveren, Ilke, “Total Factor Productivity Estimation: A Practical Review,” Journal of Economic Surveys,
    26 (2012), 98–128, https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1467-6419.2010.00631.x.
Blonigen, Bruce A. “Industrial Policy and Downstream Export Performance,” The Economic Journal,
    126 (2016), 1635–1659, https://doi.org/10/f9dcgb.
Blonigen, Bruce A. And Thomas J. Prusa, “Dumping and Antidumping Duties,” in Handbook of Com-
    mercial Policy, Kyle Bagwell and Robert W. Staiger, ed., vol. 1B, (Amsterdam: North-Holland, 2016),
    107–159, https://doi.org/10/gqnj4w.
Blundell, Richard, and Monica Costa Dias, “Alternative Approaches to Evaluation in Empirical Microe-
    conomics,” Journal of Human Resources, 44 (2009), 565–640, https://doi.org/10.1920/wp.cem.2008.2608.
Callaway, Brantly, and Pedro H. C. Sant’Anna, “Difference-in-Differences with Multiple Time Periods,”
    Journal of Econometrics, 225 (2021), 200–230, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jeconom.2020.12.001.
Castley, Robert, Korea’s Economic Miracle: The Crucial Role of Japan, 1st ed., (Basingstoke, UK: Pal-
    grave Macmillan UK, 1997), https://doi.org/10.2307/2761105.
Cerqua, Augusto, and Guido Pellegrini, “Industrial Policy Evaluation in the Presence of Spillovers,”
    Small Business Economics, 49 (2017), 671–686, https://doi.org/10/gk5f3p.
Chang, Ha-Joon, “The Political Economy of Industrial Policy in Korea,” Cambridge Journal of Economics,
    17 (1993), 131–157, https://doi.org/10.1093/oxfordjournals.cje.a035227.


                                                138
Cho, Yoon Je, “Finance and Development: The Korean Approach,” Oxford Review of Economic Policy, 5
    (1989), 88–102, https://doi.org/10.1093/oxrep/5.4.88.
Cho, Yoon Je, and Joon-Kyung Kim, “Credit Policies and the Industrialization of Korea,” World Bank
    Discussion Papers No. 286, 1995, https://doi.org/10.1596/0-8213-3246-5.
Cho, Yoon-Je, and David C. Cole, “The Role of the Financial Sector in Korea’s Structural Adjustment,”
    in Structural Adjustment in a Newly Industrializing Country, Vittoria Corbo and Sang-mok Sŏ, ed.,
    (Baltimore; London: John Hopkins University Press for the World Bank, 1992).
Choi, Young, “The North Korean Military Buildup and Its Impact on North Korean Military Strategy in
    the 1980s,” Asian Survey, 25 (1985), 341–355, https://doi.org/10.2307/2644123.
Choue, Inwon, “The Politics of Industrial Restructuring: South Korea’s Turn toward Export-Led Heavy
    and Chemical Industrialization, 1961-1974”, University of Pennsylvania, 1988.
Corden, W. Max, Trade Policy and Economic Welfare, 2nd ed., (Oxford: Oxford University Press, 1997),
    https://doi.org/10.1093/0198775342.001.0001.
Costinot, Arnaud, Dave Donaldson, and Ivana Komunjer, “What Goods Do Countries Trade? A
    Quantitative Exploration of Ricardo’s Ideas,” Review of Economic Studies, 79 (2012), 581–608,
    https://doi.org/10/d2zjtw.
Criscuolo, Chiara, Ralf Martin, Henry Overman, and John van Reenen, “Some Causal Effects of an
    Industrial Policy,” American Economic Review, 109 (2019), 48–85, https://doi.org/10/gfz2k5.
Cushman, John H. “The Military Balance in Korea,” Asian Affairs: An American Review, 6 (1979), 359–
    369, https://doi.org/10.1080/00927678.1979.10553986.
Diewert, Erwin, “The Challenge of Total Factor Productivity Measurement,” International Productivity
    Monitor, 1 (2000), 45–52.
Dollar, David, and Kenneth Sokoloff, “Patterns of Productivity Growth in South Korean Man-
    ufacturing Industries, 1963–1979,” Journal of Development Economics, 33 (1990), 309–327,
    https://doi.org/10.1016/0304-3878(90)90026-8.
Eberstadt, Nick, The End of North Korea, (Washington, DC: The AEI Press, 1999), https://doi.org/10.2307/20049595.
Evans, Peter B. Embedded Autonomy: States and Industrial Transformation, (Princeton, NJ: Princeton
    University Press, 1995), https://doi.org/10.1515/9781400821723.
Felipe, Jesus, “Total Factor Productivity Growth in East Asia: A Critical Survey,” Journal of Development
    Studies, 35 (1999), 1–41, https://doi.org/10/cksftj.
Fernald, John, and Brent Neiman, “Growth Accounting with Misallocation: Or, Doing Less
    with More in Singapore,” American Economic Journal: Macroeconomics, 3 (2011), 29–74,
    https://doi.org/10.3386/w16043.
Fernandes, Ana M. And Alberto E. Isgut, “Learning-By-Doing, Learning-By-Exporting, and Produc-
    tivity: Evidence from Colombia,” World Bank Policy Research Working Paper No. 3544, 2005,
    https://doi.org/10.1596/1813-9450-3544.
Frank Jr., Charles R. Kwang Suk Kim, and Larry E. Westphal, “Economic Growth in South Korea since
    World War II,” in Foreign Trade Regimes and Economic Development: South Korea, Charles R. Frank
    Jr. and Kwang Suk Kim, ed., (NBER, 1975), 6–24, https://www.nber.org/system/files/chapters/c4063/c4063.pdf.
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade Secretariat, “GATT: Trade Policy Review Mechanism: Republic
    of Korea,” GATT Trade Policy Review Report, 1992.
General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade: Balance-of-Payments Committee, “GATT: 1978 Consulation
    under Article XVIII:12(b) with Korea,” 1978.
Giorcelli, Michela, “The Long-Term Effects of Management and Technology Transfers,” American Eco-
    nomic Review, 109 (2019), 1–33, https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20170619.
Gorton, Gary, and Guillermo Ordoñez, “Good Booms, Bad Booms,” Journal of the European Economic
    Association, 18 (2020), 618–665, https://doi.org/10/gpdfvs.
Grossman, Gene M. “Promoting New Industrial Activities: A Survey of Recent Arguments and Evi-
    dence,” OECD Economic Studies, (1990), 87–125.
Gruber, Harald, “Learning by Doing and Spillovers: Further Evidence for the Semiconductor Industry,”
    Review of Industrial Organization, 13 (1998), 697–711, https://doi.org/10/ch53kh.
Haggard, Stephan, Pathways from the Periphery: The Politics of Growth in the Newly Industrializing
    Countries, 1st ed., (Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press, 1990).
Hamm, Taik-Young, Arming the Two Koreas: State, Capital and Military Power, (London: Routledge,
    1999), https://doi.org/10.4324/9780203022719.




                                                139
Han, Sungjoo, “South Korea 1977: Preparing for Self-Reliance,” Asian Survey, 18 (1978), 45–57,
    https://doi.org/10.2307/2643183.
Hanlon, W. Walker, “The Persistent Effect of Temporary Input Cost Advantages in Shipbuild-
    ing, 1850 to 1911,” Journal of the European Economic Association, 18 (2020), 3173–3209,
    https://doi.org/10/gk5f5g.
Harris, Richard, Ian Keay, and Frank Lewis, “Protecting Infant Industries: Canadian Manufacturing
    and the National Policy, 1870–1913,” Explorations in Economic History, 56 (2015), 15–31,
    https://doi.org/10/gftjf4.
Harrison, Ann, and Andrés Rodríguez-Clare, “Trade, Foreign Investment, and Industrial Policy for De-
    veloping Countries,” in Handbook of Development Economics, Dani Rodrik and Mark Rosenzweig,
    ed., vol. 5, (Oxford: North-Holland, 2010), 4039–4214, https://doi.org/10/cf6h9d.
Harrison, Ann E. “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument: Comment,” American Economic
    Review, 84 (1994), 1090–1095.
Head, Keith, “Infant Industry Protection in the Steel Rail Industry,” Journal of International Economics,
    37 (1994), 141–165, https://doi.org/10/bw62rg.
Heckman, James, Hidehiko Ichimura, Jeffrey Smith, and Petra Todd, “Characterizing Selection Bias
    using Experimental Data,” Econometrica, 66 (1998), 1017–1098, https://doi.org/10.3386/w6699.
Hirschman, Albert O. The Strategy of Economic Development, 3rd ed., (New Haven, Connecticut: Yale
    University Press, 1958), https://doi.org/10.2307/1055877.
Hong, Wontack, “Export-Oriented Growth and Trade Patterns of Korea,” in Trade and Structural
    Change in Pacific Asia, Colin I. Bradford Jr. and William H. Branson, ed., (Chicago: University of
    Chicago Press, 1987), 273–306.
— Trade, Distortions and Employment Growth in Korea: Studies in the Modernization of the Republic of
    Korea, (Seoul: Korea Development Institute, 1979), https://www.kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=21.
Horikane, Yumi, “The Political Economy of Heavy Industrialisation: The Heavy and Chemical
    Industry (HCI) Push in South Korea in the 1970s,” Modern Asian Studies, 39 (2005), 369–397,
    https://doi.org/10.1017/s0026749x0400160x.
Hulten, Charles R. And Frank C. Wykoff, “The Estimation of Economic Depreciation using Vintage Asset
    Prices: An Application of the Box-Cox Power Transformation,” Journal of Econometrics, 15 (1981),
    367–396.
International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, “Current Economic Position and Prospects of
    the Republic of Korea: Volume I,” 1974.
Inwood, Kris, and Ian Keay, “Trade Policy and Industrial Development: Iron and Steel in a Small Open
    Economy, 1870-1913,” Canadian Journal of Economics/Revue Canadienne d’Économique, 46 (2013),
    1265–1294, https://doi.org/10/gftjf5.
Irwin, Douglas A. “Retrospectives: Challenges to Free Trade,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 5 (1991),
    201–208, https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.5.2.201.
Javorcik, Beata Smarzynska, “Does Foreign Direct Investment Increase the Productivity of Domestic
    Firms? In Search of Spillovers through Backward Linkages,” American Economic Review, 94 (2004),
    605–627, https://doi.org/10.1257/0002828041464605.
Jaworski, Taylor, and Andrew Smyth, “Shakeout in the Early Commercial Airframe Industry,” The
    Economic History Review, 71 (2018), 617–638, https://doi.org/10/gftjf6.
Johnson, Chalmers, MITI and the Japanese Miracle: The Growth of Industrial Policy: 1925-1975, (Stan-
    ford, California: Stanford University Press, 1982), https://doi.org/10.1515/9780804765602.
Juhász, Réka, “Temporary Protection and Technology Adoption: Evidence from the Napoleonic Block-
    ade,” American Economic Review, 108 (2018), 3339–3376, https://doi.org/10/gfkhht.
Juhász, Réka, and Nathan Lane, “The Political Economy of Industrial Policy,” Journal of Economic
    Perspectives, 38 (), 1–29, https://doi.org/10/gtwghr.
Juhász, Réka, Nathan Lane, Emily Oehlsen, and Veronica Pérez, “The Who, What, When, and How of
    Industrial Policy: A Text-Based Approach,” 2023, https://doi.org/10.31235/osf.io/uyxh9.
Juhász, Réka, Nathan Lane, and Dani Rodrik, “The New Economics of Industrial Policy,” Annual Review
    of Economics, 16 (2024), https://doi.org/10.1146/annurev-economics-081023-024638.
Kalouptsidi, Myrto, “Detection and Impact of Industrial Subsidies: The Case of Chinese Shipbuilding,”
    Review of Economic Studies, 85 (2018), 1111–1158, https://doi.org/10/gdbd5n.




                                                140
Kim, Byung-Kook, “The Leviathan: Economic Bureaucracy under Park,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The
   Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard
   University Press, 2011), 200–232.
Kim, Byung-Kook, and Hyug-Baeg Im, “’Crony Capitalism’ in South Korea, Thailand and Taiwan: Myth
   and Reality,” Journal of East Asian Studies, 1 (2001), 5–52, https://doi.org/10.1017/s1598240800000230.
Kim, Chung-Yum, From Despair to Hope: Economic Policymaking in Korea, 1945-1979, (Seoul: Korea
   Development Institute, 2011).
— Policymaking on the Front Lines: Memoirs of a Korean Practitioner, 1945-79, (Washington, DC: World
   Bank, 1994).
Kim, Eun Mee, Big Business, Strong State: Collusion and Conflict in South Korean Development, 1960-
   1990, (Albany, NY: State University of New York Press, 1997), https://doi.org/10.2307/2655211.
— “From Dominance to Symbiosis: State and Chaebol in Korea,” Pacific Focus, 3 (1988), 105–121,
   https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1976-5118.1988.tb00056.x.
Kim, Hyung-A. Heavy and Chemical Industrialization, 1973-1979: South Korea’s Homeland Security
   Measures, Hyung-A. Kim and Clark W. Sorensen, ed., (Seattle: University of Washington Press,
   2011), https://www.jstor.org/stable/j.ctt1r2d8z.
— Korea’s Development under Park Chung Hee: Rapid Industrialization, 1961-1979, (Abingdon, UK:
   Routledge and Taylor & Francis Group, 2004).
Kim, Ji Hong, “Korean Industrial Policy in the 1970’s: The Heavy and Chemical Industry Drive,” Korea
   Development Institute Working Paper No. 9015, 1990.
Kim, Jong Kil, “The Incentive Structure for Industrialization in a Developing Economy: The Case of
   Korea”, University of Connecticut, 1981.
Kim, Kihwan, and Danny M. Leipziger, “Korea: A Case of Government-Led Development,” in The
   Lessons of East Asia, 3rd ed., (Washington, DC: World Bank Publications, 1993).
Kim, Se Jin, “South Korea’s Involvement in Vietnam and its Economic and Political Impact,” Asian
   Survey, 10 (1970), 519–532, https://doi.org/10.2307/2642884.
Kong, Tat Yan, The Politics of Economic Reform in South Korea: A Fragile Miracle, (London: Routledge,
   2000), https://doi.org/10.4324/9781315004938.
Koo, Bohn-Young, “The Role of the Government in Korea’s Industrial Development,” Korea Development
   Institute Working Paper No. 8407, 1984, https://kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=739.
Krueger, Anne O. “East Asian Experience and Endogenous Growth Theory,” in Growth Theories in
   Light of the East Asian Experience, Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University
   of Chicago Press, 1995), 9–36, https://www.nber.org/books-and-chapters/growth-theories-light-east-
   asian-experience.
— “Government Failures in Development,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 4 (1990), 9–23,
   https://doi.org/10.3386/w3340.
— The Developmental Role of the Foreign Sector and Aid, (Cambridge, MA: Council on East Asian
   Studies Harvard University, 1979), https://doi.org/10.1353/book75556.
Krueger, Anne O. And Baran Tuncer, “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument,” American
   Economic Review, 72 (1982), 1142–1152, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1812029.
Krugman, Paul R. “The Current Case for Industrial Policy,” in Protectionism and World Wel-
   fare, Dominick Salvatore, ed., (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1993), 160–179,
   https://doi.org/10.1017/cbo9780511521997.008.
Kwack, Taewon, “Depreciation and Taxation of Income from Capital,” Korea Development Institute
   Research Report No. 85-01, 1985.
— “Industrial Restructuring Experience and Policies in Korea in the 1970s,” Korea Development Insti-
   tute Working Paper No. 8408, 1984, https://www.kdi.re.kr/eng/research/reportView?pub_no=740.
Kwack, Taewon, and Kye-Sik Lee, “Tax Reform in Korea,” in The Political Economy of Tax Reform,
   Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., 1st ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1992), 117–
   136, https://www.nber.org/books-and-chapters/political-economy-tax-reform.
Kwak, Tae Yang, “The Nixon Doctrine and the Yusin Reforms: American Foreign Policy, the Vietnam
   War, and the Rise of Authoritarianism in Korea, 1968–1973,” Journal of American-East Asian Rela-
   tions, 12 (2003), 33–34, https://doi.org/10.1163/187656103793645315.
Kwang-Mo, Kim, The Spirit of Park Chung-Hee Lives on in the Heavy and Chemical Industry: A Record
   of History, (Seoul: Guiparang Publishing/기파랑, 2015).




                                                 141
Lall, Sanjaya, “Selective Policies for Export Promotion Lessons from Asian Tigers,” UNU-Wider Re-
    search for Action 43, 1997, https://ageconsearch.umn.edu/record/295338/files/RFA43.pdf.
Lane, Nathan, “Replication Data for: ‘Manufacturing Revolutions: Industrial Policy and Industrializa-
    tion in South Korea’”, Harvard Dataverse, https://doi.org/10.7910/DVN/VJECHN, 2025.
— “The New Empirics of Industrial Policy,” Journal of Industry, Competition and Trade, 1 (2020), 1–26,
    https://doi.org/10.1007/s10842-019-00323-2.
Lazzarini, Sergio G. Aldo Musacchio, Rodrigo Bandeira-De-Mello, and Rosilene Marcon, “What Do State-
    Owned Development Banks Do? Evidence from BNDES, 2002–09,” World Development, 66 (2015),
    237–253, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.worlddev.2014.08.016.
Lee, Chong-Sik, “South Korea 1979: Confrontation, Assassination, and Transition,” Asian Survey, 20
    (1980), 63–76, https://doi.org/10.2307/2644008.
Lee, Jong-Wha, “Government Interventions and Productivity Growth,” Journal of Economic Growth, 1
    (1996), 391–414, https://doi.org/10.1007/bf00141045.
Lee, Kyung Tae, “Korea’s Economic Development; Market-Pulled or Government-Pushed?,” Korea Insti-
    tute for Industrial Economics and Trade Occasional Paper No. 15, 1992, https://www.kiet.re.kr/en/pub/occapaperView?occ
Lee, Nae-Young, “The Automobile Industry,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The Transformation of South
    Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011),
    295–321.
Lee, Suk-Chae, “The Heavy and Chemical Industries Promotion Plan (1973-1979),” in Economic De-
    velopment in the Republic of Korea: A Policy Perspective, Lee-Jay Cho and Yoon Hyung Kim, ed.,
    (Honolulu: East-West Center, University of Hawaii Press, 1991), 431–471.
Levinsohn, James, and Amil Petrin, “Estimating Production Functions using Inputs to Control for
    Unobservables,” Review of Economic Studies, 70 (2003), 317–341, https://doi.org/10.3386/w7819.
Lim, Youngil, Government Policy and Private Enterprise: Korean Experience in Industrialization, 1st ed.,
    (Berkeley, CA: Center for Korean Studies, UC Berkeley, 1981).
Lin, Justin Yifu, New Structural Economics: A Framework for Rethinking Development and Policy,
    (Washington, DC: World Bank, 2012),
Liu, Ernest, “Industrial Policies in Production Networks,” Quarterly Journal of Economics, 134 (2019),
    1883–1948, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.2962695.
Lucas, Robert E. B. “An Empirical Test of the Infant Industry Argument: Comment,” American Economic
    Review, 74 (1984), 1110–1111.
Luedde-Neurath, Richard, “State Intervention and Export-Oriented Development in South Korea,” in
    Developmental States in East Asia, Gordon White, ed., (Basingstoke, UK: Springer, 1988), 68–112,
    https://doi.org/10.1007/978-1-349-19195-6_3.
Man, Bae Suk, “Negotiations between Korea and Japan Over Economic Development during the Park
    Chung-Hee Regime - Focusing on ’Four Core Factory Construction Plan’ (korean),” 경제사학, 43
    (2019), 43–77.
Manova, Kalina, Shang-Jin Wei, and Zhiwei Zhang, “Firm Exports and Multinational Activ-
    ity under Credit Constraints,” Review of Economics and Statistics, 97 (2015), 574–588,
    https://doi.org/10.3386/w16905.
Martin, Leslie A. Shanthi Nataraj, and Ann E. Harrison, “In with the Big, Out with the Small:
    Removing Small-Scale Reservations in India,” American Economic Review, 107 (2017), 354–386,
    https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20141335.
Mendoza, Enrique G. And Marco E. Terrones, “An Anatomy of Credit Booms: Evidence from Macro
    Aggregates and Micro Data,” NBER Working Paper No. 14049, 2008, https://doi.org/10.3386/w14049.
Mitrunen, Matti, “War Reparations, Structural Change, and Intergenerational Mobility,” 2023.
Moon, Chung-In, and Byung-Joon Jun, “Modernization Strategy: Ideas and Influences,” in The Park
    Chung Hee Era: The Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra F. Vogel, ed.,
    (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2011), 115–139.
Moon, Chung-In, and Sangkeun Lee, “Military Spending and the Arms Race on the Korean Peninsula,”
    Asian Perspective, 33 (2009), 69–99, https://doi.org/10.1353/apr.2009.0003.
Nam, Chong-Hyun, “Trade and Industrial Policies, and the Structure of Protection in Korea,” Korea
    Development Institute Working Paper, 1980.
Nam, Sang-Woo, “Korea’s Financial Reform since the Early 1980s,” in Financial Reform: Theory and Ex-
    perience, Gerard Caprio, Izak Atiyas, and James A. Hanson, ed., (Cambridge: Cambridge University
    Press, 1992), 184–222, https://doi.org/10.1017/cbo9780511571879.010.



                                                142
Nelson, Richard R. And Howard Pack, “The Asian Miracle and Modern Growth Theory,” The Economic
    Journal, 109 (1999), 416–436, https://doi.org/10.1596/1813-9450-1881.
Nixon, Richard M. “Letter from President Nixon to Korean President Park,” in Foreign Relations of the
    United States, 1969-1976, Edward C. Keefer and Carolyn Yee, ed., vol. XIX, (Washington, DC: United
    States Government Printing Office, 1970), 152–154.
Noland, Marcus, “Selective Intervention and Growth: The Case of Korea,” in Empirical Methods in
    International Trade: Essays in Honor of Mordechai Kreinin, Michael G. Plummer, ed., (Cheltenham,
    UK: Edward Elgar, 2004), 229–246, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.581502.
Noland, Marcus, and Howard Pack, Industrial Policy in an Era of Globalization: Lessons from Asia,
    (Washington, DC: Institute for International Economics, 2003).
Nunn, Nathan, and Daniel Trefler, “The Structure of Tariffs and Long-Term Growth,” American Eco-
    nomic Journal: Macroeconomics, 2 (2010), 158–194, https://doi.org/10.1257/mac.2.4.158.
Nurkse, Ragnar, Problems of Capital Formation in Underdeveloped Countries, (Oxford: Oxford Univer-
    sity Press, 1953), https://doi.org/10.2307/1907894.
Okazaki, Tetsuji, “Industrial Policy and Government Organization in Postwar Japan (in Japanese),”
    CIRJE J-Series No. CIRJE-J-2, 1998.
Olden, Andreas, and Jarle Men, “The Triple Difference Estimator,” The Econometrics Journal (2022),
    531–553, https://doi.org/10.1093/ectj/utac010.
Olley, George S. And Ariel Pakes, “The Dynamics of Productivity in the Telecommunications Equipment
    Industry,” Econometrica, 64 (1996), 1263–1297, https://doi.org/10.2307/2171831.
Pack, Howard, “Industrial Policy: Growth Elixir or Poison?,” World Bank Research Observer, 15 (2000),
    47–67, https://doi.org/10.1093/wbro/15.1.47.
Pack, Howard, and Kamal Saggi, “Is there a Case for Industrial Policy? A Critical Survey,” World Bank
    Research Observer, 21 (2006), 267–297, https://doi.org/10.1093/wbro/lkl001.
Park, Tong-Ho, “A Study on the Industry Tariff System of Korea - with Refer to Heavy & Chemical
    Industry Development,” 4 (1977), 173–214.
Perkins, Dwight H. East Asian Development: Foundations and Strategies (the Edwin O. Reischauer
    Lectures), (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2013).
Pons-Benaiges, Oriol, “Did Government Intervention Target Technological Externalities? Industrial Pol-
    icy and Economic Growth in Postwar Japan, 1964-1983,” 2017.
Rasmussen, Poul Nørregaard, Studies in Inter-Sectoral Relations, 1st ed., (Copenhagen: E. Harck, 1956),
    https://doi.org/10.2307/3498675.
Redding, Stephen, “Dynamic Comparative Advantage and the Welfare Effects of Trade,” Oxford Eco-
    nomic Papers, 51 (1999), 15–39, https://doi.org/10.1093/oep/51.1.15.
Rhyu, Sang-Young, and Seok-Jin Lew, “Pohang Iron & Steel Company,” in The Park Chung Hee Era: The
    Transformation of South Korea, Byung-Kook Kim and Ezra Vogel, ed., (Cambridge, MA: Harvard
    University Press, 2011), 322–344.
Robinson, James A. “Industrial Policy and Development: A Political Economy Perspective”, Annual
    World Bank Conference on Development Economics 2010 - Global: Lessons from East Asia and the
    Global Financial Crisis, Justin Yifu Lin and Boris Pleskovic, ed., (Washington, DC: World Bank,
    2010), 61–79.
Rodrik, Dani, “Growth Strategies,” in Handbook of Economic Growth, Philippe Aghion and Steven N.
    Durlauf, ed., vol. 1A, (Amsterdam: North Holland, 2005), 967–1014, https://doi.org/10.1016/S1574-
    0684(05)01014-2.
— “Industrial Policy for the Twenty-First Century,” John F. Kennedy School of Government Faculty
    Research Working Paper No. RWP04-047, 2004, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.617544.
Rodrik, Dani, Gene Grossman, and Victor Norman, “Getting Interventions Right: How South Korea and
    Taiwan Grew Rich,” Economic Policy, 10 (1995), 53–107, https://doi.org/10.2307/1344538.
Rogers, William P. “Telegram from the Department of State to the Embassy in Korea,” in Foreign Rela-
    tions of the United States, 1969-1976, Edward C. Keefer and Carolyn Yee, ed., vol. XIX, (Washington,
    DC: United States Government Printing Office, 1970), 150–152.
Rosenstein-Rodan, Paul N. “Problems of Industrialisation of Eastern and South-Eastern Europe,” The
    Economic Journal, 53 (1943), 202–211, https://doi.org/10.2307/2226317.
Rotemberg, Martin, “Equilibrium Effects of Firm Subsidies,” American Economic Review, 109 (2019),
    3475–3513, https://doi.org/10.1257/aer.20171840.




                                                 143
Sant’Anna, Pedro H. C. And Jun Zhao, “Doubly Robust Difference-in-Differences Estimators,” Journal
    of Econometrics, 219 (2020), 101–122, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.3293315.
Schmitz Jr, James A. “Government Production of Investment Goods and Aggregate Labor Productivity,”
    Journal of Monetary Economics, 47 (2001), 163–187, https://doi.org/10.1016/s0304-3932(00)00050-7.
Scitovsky, Tibor, “Two Concepts of External Economies,” Journal of Political Economy, 62 (1954), 143–
    151, https://doi.org/10.1086/257498.
Scobell, Andrew, and John M. Sanford, North Korea’s Military Threat: Pyongyang’s Conventional Forces,
    Weapons of Mass Destruction, and Ballistic Missiles, (Carlisle Barracks, PA: U.S. Army War College
    Strategic Studies Institute, 2007),
Silva, João M. C. S. And Silvana Tenreyro, “The Log of Gravity,” Review of Economics and Statistics, 88
    (2006), 641–658, https://doi.org/10.1162/rest.88.4.641.
Smith, Jeffrey, and Petra E. Todd, “Does Matching Overcome Lalonde’s Critique of Nonexperimental
    Estimators?,” Journal of Econometrics, 125 (2005), 305–353, https://doi.org/10.2139/ssrn.286297.
Stern, Joseph J. Ji-Hong Kim, Dwight H. Perkins, and Jung-Ho Yoo, Industrialization and the State: The
    Korean Heavy and Chemical Industry Drive, (Cambridge, MA: Harvard Institute for International
    Development, 1995).
Succar, Patricia, “The Need for Industrial Policy in LDC’s - A Restatement of the Infant Industry
    Argument,” International Economic Review, 28 (1987), 521–534, https://doi.org/10.2307/2526741.
Taylor, William J. Jennifer A. Smith, and Michael J. Mazarr, “US Troop Reductions from Korea,
    1970–1990,” Journal of East Asian Affairs, 4 (1990), 256–286.
Trager, Frank N. “The Nixon Doctrine and Asian Policy,” Southeast Asian Perspectives, (1972), 1–34.
U.S. Senate. Committee on Foreign Relations, US Troop Withdrawal from the Republic of Korea, (Wash-
    ington, DC: U.S. Government Printing Office, 1978).
Wade, Robert H. Governing the Market: Economic Theory and the Role of Government in East Asian In-
    dustrialization, 2nd ed., (Princeton, NJ: Princeton University Press, 1990), https://doi.org/10.1515/9780691187181.
Weinstein, David E. “Evaluating Administrative Guidance and Cartels in Japan (1957-1988),” Journal of
    the Japanese and International Economies, 9 (1995), 200–223, https://doi.org/10.1006/jjie.1995.1011.
Westphal, Larry E. “Industrial Policy in an Export Propelled Economy: Lessons from South Korea’s
    Experience,” Journal of Economic Perspectives, 4 (1990), 41–59, https://doi.org/10.1257/jep.4.3.41.
Westphal, Larry E. And Kwang Suk Kim, “Fostering Technological Mastery by Means of Selective In-
    fant Industry Protection.” In Development Strategies in Semi-Industrial Economies, Bela Balassa,
    ed., (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1982), 212–279, https://doi.org/10.1016/b978-0-12-
    680050-0.50019-2.
Woo, Jung-En, Race to the Swift: State and Finance in Korean Industrialization, (New York: Columbia
    University Press, 1991), https://doi.org/10.2307/20045041.
Woo-Cumings, Meredith Jung-En, “National Security and the Rise of the Developmental State in South
    Korea and Taiwan,” Behind East Asian Growth: The Political and Social Foundations of Prosperity
    (1998), 319.
Wooldridge, Jeffrey M. “On Estimating Firm-Level Production Functions using Proxy Variables to Con-
    trol for Unobservables,” Economics Letters, 104 (2009), 112–114, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.econlet.2009.04.026.
World Bank, “Korea - Managing the Industrial Transition: The Conduct of Industrial Policy,” 1987.
— The East Asian Miracle: Economic Growth and Public Policy: A World Bank Policy Research Report,
    (London: Oxford University Press, 1993).
Yang, Ya-Hwei, “Government Policy and Strategic Industries: The Case of Taiwan,” in Trade and Pro-
    tectionism, Takatoshi Ito and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993),
    387–411.
Yoo, Jung-Ho, “The Industrial Policy of the 1970s and the Evolution of the Manufacturing Sector in
    Korea,” Korea Development Institute Working Paper No. 9017, 1990.
— “The Political Economy of Protection Structure in Korea,” in Trade and Protectionism, Takatoshi Ito
    and Anne O. Krueger, ed., (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1993), 361–385.
Yoshioka, Shinji, and Hirofumi Kawasaki, “Japan’s High-Growth Postwar Period: The Role of Economic
    Plans,” ESRI Research Note No. 27, 2016, https://www.esri.go.jp/jp/archive/e_dis/e_dis027/e_dis027.pdf.
Young, Alwyn, “Learning by Doing and the Dynamic Effects of International Trade,” Quarterly Journal
    of Economics, 106 (1991), 369–405, https://doi.org/10.2307/2937942.




                                                  144
Young, Soogil, “Import Liberalization and Industrial Adjustment in Korea”, Korea Development Institute,
    International Forum on Structural Adjustment and Stabilization Policy, Seoul Korea, April 12-19,
    1988. (Seoul: Korea Development Institute, 1988).
Zeile, William J. “Industrial Targeting, Business Organization, and Industry Productivity Growth in the
    Republic of Korea, 1972-1985”, English, Ann Arbor, 1993, 173.




                                                 145
